\*Boom!\*

Jeok Cheongang, who stood up as if bouncing off the seat, didn't even realize that the chair had wobbled.

All of his senses were focused solely on one person, Jongli Chu.

"This is..."

It was a moment so brief that one could describe it as a blink of an eye, but he clearly felt it.

A powerful Qi Wave(기파/氣波) emitted from Jongli Chu.

It was so powerful that it could make his eyes blink for a moment.

"Origin Returning Embracing Truth(반박귀진/返璞歸眞)... He was hiding his power."

The words murmured like a groan by the Dharma King Guangdao were astonishing.

Origin Returning Embracing Truth. It is the state of being able to appear as an ordinary person, even after mastering martial arts. With access to the Supreme Yang pressure point, Qi Wave can be freely controlled.

And to achieve this state, one had to step into the realm beyond the Peak.

Into the realm of Transcendence(초절/超絶), allowed only for the great martial artists.

"That young guy is a Transcendent master? Isn't that too crazy? I mean, does that even make any sense?"

Guangdao and Jeok Cheongang shook their heads at the words poured out of Thunderbolt Saber King's mouth like a torrent.

"Amitabha Buddha. Then, Donor Peng, how do you explain this situation?"

"He has reached the stage of Origin Returning Embracing Truth. It's even high enough to deceive our eyes as well."

The people listening to the conversation between the three men were stunned and speechless.

From the preliminaries until now, Jongli Chu has always just barely made it through. He have even earned a mocking alias like Life Extending Sword.

But not anymore.

The Qi energy that was felt from that lucky young warrior for just a brief moment was enough to send shivers down the spines of even the heads of Nine Sects One Groupe and Five Great Families, who hold power over the entire world.

"How can this be...?"

Thunderbolt Saber King was speechless and could not continue speaking.

He too was a Transcendent master and one of the Ten Kings. He agreed with Jeok Cheongang and Guangdao in his heart, but could not easily accept it.

"How can someone who is not even firmly standing age^[1] become a Transcendent master?" 

At that time, when the Thunderbolt Saber King murmured, a person who had been quietly observing the situation suddenly spoke up.

"It's possible."

"What did you say?"

All eyes turned in the same direction.

Thousand-Faced Fox Song Ho added a word in response to the demanding gaze.

"If it's Youth Returning Renewing Vitality(반로환동/返老還童), that's what I mean."

"......!"

Ignoring the astonishment spreading among the audience, Song Ho leaned back on the backrest of his chair. Then he stared at Jongli Chu with a calm gaze.

'Who are you?'

The more his inner doubts grew, the more the pain from the cut-off section felt decades ago increased.

Song Ho now knew. That this was not a mere coincidence.

There was a close connection between the day he became a one-legged man and Jongli Chu.

'Reveal your true identity.'

At that moment, the referee's flag rose vigorously towards the sky.

\* \* \*

\*Shwick!\*

The red rusty sword was swung without hesitation.

Chung Pung, who was standing still in his place with only his eyes blinking, belatedly turned his body.

However, Jongli Chu's blow was faster than he had expected.

\*Suh-geok!\*

A burning pain spread from his chest. A red spot sprouted around place where he was deeply cut in the front part of his garment.

The strong smell of blood stung his nose.

"...Ah."

Backpedaling with unsteady steps, Cheong Pung looked at Jongli Chu with a pale expression.

He, who was considered a friend, was staring at Cheong Pung with an indifferent gaze that was difficult to bear.

"Too bad. It didn't go deep enough."

As he said, the sword cut was shallow. It only grazed the skin and left no other wounds.

However, the injury Cheong Pung suffered was not limited to bleeding.

"Jong, Jongli Chu."

His first friend in the world of Murim, no, in the twenty-two years of his life.

The one who reached out a hand to become his friend, now had his sword pointed at him. Without hesitation, he swung his sword and cut through his chest.

"Why...?"

"I don't understand what you mean."

Jongli Chu wiped the blood from the sword as if nothing had happened.

"Isn't this the world of Murim? Surely, you didn't believe in me like solid rock just because we exchanged a few words?"

"......!"

"Judging by your expression, it seems to be true. Huh, how have you survived until now with such a naive mind? I heard you're a disciple of the Mount Hua Sect."

Jongli Chu glanced briefly at the Mount Hua Sect Leader and the Heavenly Sword Authentic Master sitting on the seat of honor and clicked his tongue.

"It seems like the Mount Hua Sect Leader taught his disciple poorly. Pathetic."

At those words, Cheong Pung, who had been tight-lipped, spoke up in a low voice, using respectful language unlike his usual rough manner.

"The person who taught me martial arts is my grandfather, not him."

"Really? I don't know who it is, but it must be a senile old man. What's his alias?"

"Sword Star."

"Sword Star Mae Jonghak?"

As Cheong Pung nodded his head, an amazed exclamation burst from the previously silent spectators' seats.

There was no one in this place who didn't know the name and fame of Sword Star Mae Jonghak. His name had long since become a living legend, and yet here was one of Sword Star's disciples who had hidden away during several changes of rivers and mountains, appearing in this place, right now!

Countless people were shocked and opened their eyes wide, but only one person, Jongli Chu, was different.

“Ah, so you are a disciple of Sword Star….”

Jongli Chu chuckled and absentmindedly stroked his smooth chin.

"In that case, Sword Star must not be that great."

"......!"

"A child is just a child no matter how strong they are. We can't just leave that kind of kid by the riverside. They might get swept away by the river in no time."

Suddenly, Cheong Pung remembered the words his grandfather used to say.

'Always remember this: the sky is vast, and there are many strong people. Your martial arts are not yet complete, so you must always be wary of those who harbor ill intentions.'

At that time, those words didn't resonate with him. Mount Hua was peaceful, and his time with Mae Jonghak was enjoyable.

But one day, his curiosity about the outside world grew and he eventually snuck out without his grandfather's knowledge.

And...

'Ah, this is what he meant.'

Now he seemed to understand the meaning of those words.

However, the fact that he had realized it only after shedding blood from the sword of his first friend ever made him feel sorrowful.

'Grandfather.'

With a strong grip, Cheong Pung grabbed the sword handle. The scent of blood that was lingering in his nose faded away and his mind became clear.

With a swift sound, the pure white blade was revealed.

At the same time, the Internal Energy crouching in his dantian rose up like clouds, covering and coalescing around his meridians.

\*Tsutsutsu!\*

The distinctive purple Qi energy of the Violet Mist Divine Art (자하신공/紫霞神功) began to rise from Cheong Pung's body, and his eyes, which were as bright as the sunset, were fixed on Jongli Chu.

"You will regret this."

"Well then……"

He hung the sword he had been wielding over his shoulder and asked. 

"Let’s see your skills."

With a swift motion, a red rust-covered blade narrowly missed his nose by the width of a sheet of paper, causing Cheong Pung to tilt his head back.

'He's fast!'

Even though he had learned the highest-level Perception Method(안법/眼法) from his grandfather, the movements of Jongli Chu still surpassed his perception.

As the alarm bell rang in his head, waves of sword strikes followed.

\*Swish! Swish swish swish!\*

The sword blade that aimed for his chest broke through the air.

It seemed like a thrust, but then it turned into a slash, and unexpectedly, a single strike flew towards his shoulder.

\*Bang!\*

"Kuhuk!"

Caught off guard by the attack, Cheong Pung was thrown back more than ten zhangs.

It was the moment his feet touched the ground after spinning like a top in the air.

\*Thwack!\*

The blue stone that covered the floor of the martial contest stage shattered into dust. Cheong Pung charged toward Jongli Chu even faster than before.

His sword emitted streams of purple Sword Qi, gracefully dancing in the air like a blossoming flower.

\*Suaaah!\*

The 36 Plum Blossom Sword, which had reached the 8 stars, flew around Jongli Chu in all directions.

Surrounded by the Sword Qi, Jongli Chu suddenly raised the corners of his mouth. It was a smile that was out of place in a life-or-death situation.

"This is more than I expected."

Before the words were even finished, his sword, which had been held in his hand, moved.

Then a brilliant flash and a loud noise erupted, making it impossible for onlookers to open their eyes properly.

\*Thwack! Kwaaah!\*

Sword Qi and fragments flying in all directions.

Through the dense cloud of dust that rose up, a figure emerged.

As he looked at Jongli Chu, who was covering his mouth and coughing, Cheong Pung's pupils widened in surprise.

'This person…'

This time, it was clear. The movement of Jongli Chu, who deflected every single Sword Qi, was visible.

It was none other than his rusty sword that faced hundreds of Sword Qi. 

Not even a single Sword Qi touched him. The rusty sword sent everything away, as if it were natural. 

'How is that possible?'

Cheong Pung was bewildered and at the same time seized with a strange emotion that he had never felt before in his life.

The sound of his heart pounding echoed in his ears like thunder, and his hand holding the sword was not easy to move.

It was the moment when a single drop of sweat, which had been rolling down his forehead, fell off his nose.

"Are you afraid?"

Jongli Chu's footsteps were leisurely as he approached, his gaze deep and cool. Cheong Pung's heart sank at the sight, and he realized that the strange emotion he had just felt was fear.

"Am I afraid?"

It was a kind of emotion that Cheong Pung had never experienced before.

An unfamiliar feeling of fear that had besieged his body and mind. He occasionally heard about it from his grandfather's mouth, but he had never personally experienced it.

'My dear Pung, do you know fear?'

'Fear, what's that?'

'It's something that's hidden deep inside everyone's heart. Not knowing fear is your greatest weakness'

Sword Star Mae Jonghak loved his grandson deeply and always sent him warm looks and took care of him day and night.

Just like a pretty flower blooming in good soil, Cheong Pung grew up as a lovely child.

'It's this old man's fault. It shouldn't have been like this…'

Since he grew up receiving abundant love, he only knew how to love.

In the mountain peak where he lived with his grandfather, Cheong Pung had never been exposed to the overflowing pride, greed, jealousy, and anger of the outside world. 

He had never experienced the frightening aspect of human evil or understood what fear truly was.

'If that day comes, don't be consumed by fear. That's all I can say to you.'

These were the words Cheong Pung heard the day before he sneaked out of the Lianhua Peak.

Perhaps his grandfather knew that this would happen.

But Cheong Pung, who had never met a strong opponent before, was involuntarily taking steps back.

'Grandfather, what should I do?'

\*Thump.\*

Cheong Pung took a step back as Jongli Chu took a step forward. And then another step.

Another step.

At the narrow five zhangs distance that never seemed to shrink, Jongli Chu drew his sword.

"This is pointless. I expected more from a disciple of Sword Star. Is this all you've got?"

"I, I..."

"I'm sure you know what it means to be defeated in the world of Murim."

\*Swish.\*

Ghostly movements.

Trapped in fear, Cheong Pung couldn't react. In a slowed-down world, only Jongli Chu seemed to be alive and moving.

At his one step, the distance that had not been narrowed disappeared, and the sword approached as if slipping.

It was the moment when the rusty sword blade was about to dig into Cheong Pung's neck.

\*Sssshreeeeeek! Bang!\*

A fearsome piercing sound erupted, so loud that it made one's ears feel stuffy.

In an instant, Jongli Chu twisted the sword to block the attack and smiled at the transparent spear blade.

"Well, you have made a good friend."

"He's not a friend, he's a benefactor. But…"

Jin Taekyung spat out phlegm then spoke.

"What the hell are you, bastard?"

=====

[1] 30 years old.

**Note**: The quest in ch.246 is the foreshadow that there will be Transcendent master in the tournament.