When Tae-Kyung awoke, the system messages were still floating in front of him.

-You have successfully completed the quest, [The Daily Retreat]! -You have received a lot of experience! -Level up! -Level up! -You earned 20 bonus points.

[Oh, that's pretty good! Forty points for one quest is great!... Ok, close window]

As the holographic screen faded, Cheon-Gang appeared. In one hand, he held the bag Tae-Kyung had seen at the clearing. "Glad to see you're up. How are you feeling?"

"Ah, fine."

"The wonders of youth. You've recovered quickly – good! I've prepared something that's perfect for you."

"Actually, I do feel quite stiff..."

"That's because I sealed your vital points (麻穴 -- Chinese: numbing acupuncture point) while you slept. You'll be fine."

"Oh, but do you think I'm ready for the next training, yet, though?"

"Yep," said Cheon-Gang, rummaging in the bag. "We're doing it now... Ah, there it is."

"Uhhh... isn't that a rope?"

"Yep. Follow me."

"W-where?"

"You'll find out soon enough."

At that, the Fire King turned and Tae-Kyung reluctantly followed behind. They soon arrived at a huge, mossy boulder jutting from the earth. The old man approached the rock and struck it several times, precise palm strikes that trimmed the stone into a crude platform.

"That should do."

"Now, wait a minute," said Tae-Kyung, laughing nervously. "You're not planning to tie me there, are you?"

"I'm not planning to. I'm going to."

[What's the fucking difference! I knew this old bastard was up to something!]

The Fire King hauled his trembling student atop the boulder and began to secure him to the stone. "No chance of you falling now.". He chuckled in satisfaction. "It's a tortoiseshell knot. That's a trapping technique, so you don't have to worry about accidentally freeing yourself."

"What...?" [What the hell is happening?]

As Tae-Kyung looked around in growing panic, the old man squatted beside him and upended the bag. The scent was indescribable. Patients with chronic rhinitis would be cured in an instant; a cool, refreshing sensation spread through his body.

"We're making an elixir," said Cheon-Gang, selecting three reddish-brown roots and arranging them in his palm. "I searched through your family stockpiles. Even though most of it was useless junk, there were a few hidden treasures." The Jin warehouses were full to bursting after the festival, piled high with gold and silver, with bolts of silk, with valuable statuary and rare works of art. But this was a man who valued the cultivation of martial arts above all else. Unless they promoted the development of martial arts, such objects were useless to him.

"Honestly, these aren't actually even particularly good for the development of your Qi."

"So why...?"

"Why bring them? Because they'll help you purify your energies. Not all Qi is equally effective, so it's a mistake to just focus on increasing volume."

"You mean... like fuel? Like how a stack of firewood and a barrel of oil could have the same volume, but one burns and the other explodes?"

The Fire King smiled. "Precisely."

[I hadn't expected this. I'm not even officially his disciple.] The old man had gone to considerable trouble already. Apparently, he was more warm-hearted than he liked to appear.

"What?" Cheon-Gang frowned. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"I just think Grandfather is enjoying this."

"Huh! No... I just brought them because it was shame for them to go to waste."

"Ah, I see..."

"I reserved the best stuff for myself, of course."

"Of course, very sensible, hehe!"

"Don't laugh!" Embarrassed by the outburst, Cheon-Gang coughed and shifted the topic. "Right... anyway... so this elixir will be used to break down your blood."

Tae-Kyung had planned to poke fun at his master a little more, but the words sent a chill down his spine.

"When I examined you," the old man continued, "your physique was excellent. But there was a surprising amount of toxic build-up."

"Ah..."

"I've heard about the years you spent abusing your body. Well, even the sharpest sword will rust if you don't take care of it."

There was no denying it. And while the Jin Cultivation Method was very stable, it was also very slow. Every time he meditated, Tae-Kyung found traces of the damage caused by his wild past.

"I'll use the elixir and my own Qi to burn out all of the impurities. For you, it will be much more effective than the Ritual of Refinement."

"That's nice to hear!"

"Well, it's not going to be very nice to experience."

"Huh?"

"You'll see soon enough."

As Tae-Kyung opened his mouth to ask, the Fire King tapped a pressure point to seal his blood meridians. He was paralysed in an instant. Tae-Kyung felt his tongue stiffen and his voice dry up.

[What the hell!]

"We begin with the elixir."

Wrinkled fingers cupped his chin and forced ingredients into his mouth. It had a refreshing, earthy taste. The elixir seemed to melt as it hit his tongue.

Ding!
-You have taken [Fire Spirit Root] -You have taken [Safflower Extract] -You have taken [Flesh Eater Herb]

-Quest, [Blood Purge], has been created. -You cannot decline.

The system alerts were accompanied by a tremendous surge of heat, sweeping through his body like a firestorm. Only then did Tae-Kyung truly comprehend his master's earlier words.

[Ohmyfuckinggod!]

But no matter the searing agony coursing through his veins, he could not struggle or utter a single sound.

The Fire King rolled up his dirty sleeves. "Let's begin. Even if it hurts, be patient. The pain will pass soon enough, but your martial arts will benefit forever."

With that, his fingers began to poke and tap and stab the body bound to the stone. His fingers moved so quickly that they seemed to blur. The air over Tae-Kyung's skin began to shimmer as the unseen elixir boiled through his veins.

[Ahhhhhhhhh!]

Ignoring Tae-Kyung's bloodshot eyes, which rolled in indescribable pain, the Fire King worked swiftly, his body simmered with heat as he focused his Qi. In his many years, he had never experienced such a reaction. The Qi-infused elixir flowed through the veins at incredible speed, thirty years of Qi diffusing through the entire body within moments. Cheon-Gang sensed Tae-Kyung trying to circulate in a futile attempt to suppress the energy.

"Not yet! Tame it later! First, you have to let the power run wild!"

A tamed fighting bull may forget how to charge; the primal Flame Qi had to first run unchecked. Those thirty years needed to flow through the entire network of meridians, but the process was dangerous and required utmost concentration. Yet Cheon-Gang steered the flow with a mastery born from a lifetime of cultivation, sending energy roaring through one meridian node after another. [Mid-shoulder acupuncture point, to bicep, to the thumb joint, then follow the energy back through the forearm... (肩井; 雅⽂; 鳳眼; 入洞 -- Chinese: certain acupuncture points)]

Under his guidance, blood vessels dilated and pores disgorged stinking, bilious sweat. The odour was foul enough to turn even the strongest stomach, but the Fire King grinned in delight. The turbid fluids were clear evidence that negative residues were being expelled. Then, even as the Qi blazed through the twitching body, the stink grew less offensive, then faded entirely, and finally took on a fragrant aroma as the sweat ran clear.

Cheon-Gang's eyes widened. [Already? No, that's too fast... this should have taken three rounds of purging!] Even more surprising was that the elixir remained undiminished. Typically, most of the energy contained in the elixir would be exhausted during the process of circulating and removing the turbid Qi. But not for Jin Tae-Kyung. [This is truly a Divine Body! Will he retain all thirty years?]

Deep in his heart, pride and satisfaction turned to greed. [What if we go further?]

The blocked acupoints at the governing and conception veins were a barrier that most Murim could never cross, even with a lifetime devoted to training. Normally, unclogging the key nodes required enlightenment and enormous effort, but perhaps... [Perhaps with a heavenly body it may be possible?] It would be dangerous, though, and painful beyond normal human comprehension. But if he is willing...]

"Tae-Kyung, I think I can unclog the conception vein," he said, looking down into trembling, bloodshot eyes. The boy looked up at him, mute, as he continued, "It's a huge risk and the pain will make what you've suffered so far seem like nothing. A single mistake could kill you. So. It must be your choice. If you trust this old man to attempt this, blink twice."

There was no hesitation: two blinks.

Jeok Cheon-Gang felt his heart grow warm. [The boy has this much belief in me?] For a moment, his eyes sparkled with unshed tears. Instead, his wrinkled lips parted in a broad smile.

"Yes! Let's do this!"

In response, a colossal wave of Qi flowed from his fingertips and into the body of Jin Tae-Kyung.

Ding!
-The status of quest, [Blood Purge], will be updated. -Quest, [Breaking the Balls Barrier], has been created. -Difficulty and rewards will be adjusted.

Tae-Kyung's eyes bulged. [No! Fuck!]

Obviously, he had only blinked once.