Namgoong Ryong was a sharp-featured older man, dressed in fine robes befitting the head of a respected martial family. His dignified, reserved demeanour was evident in everything from his posture to his tightly pursed lips. In fact, during the whole trip from Mount Jiuhua to Hefei, the capital of Anhui, Tae-Kyung couldn't recall him uttering more than ten words.

"Would you mind waiting a moment," he said. "There is one matter that I must finish."

Accustomed to dealing with Jin Wi-Kyung, Tae-Kyung nodded silently and took a seat. As he sat, the chair collapsed with a crash; Tae-Kyung fell among the shattered fragments. "Whoa! What happened? You need to make these a bit stronger..."

His host glanced up, lips compressing into a thin line. "They are made from first generation ebony, specially shipped from the far south. The wood is harder than iron."

"Ah."

"If you wouldn't mind just standing for now. Thank you." A short time later, the Head of the Namgoong Family put down the bamboo case that he had been examining. "Forgive me. I called you here, but I've been a poor host."

"No, no, it's fine. You must be busy."

"I must also apologise for the disrespect shown to you by my son."

"What do you mean?"

"I overheard the commotion outside."

Tae-Kyung recalled the youth who had insisted that he disarm. [That explains his arrogance.] "Ah, he was your son?"

"Yes. My only child, so I may have spoiled him. Perhaps that's why he still has much to learn."

"It's fine," said Tae-Kyung, remembering the boy's expression. "It'll get better in time."

"This is my hope." Namgoong Ryong cleared his throat. "He is skilled at martial arts, however. In fact, he's earned quite a reputation. I presume that you've heard of the Sword Dragon?"

"Sword Dragon?"

"Ah, as expected, you're familiar with the title. One can't help but know..."

"It's the first time I've heard it. But it's a pretty cool nickname."

A dark shadow passed over Namgoong Ryong's face. "He's well known as one of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes."

"Aha, he's one of them. So is my older brother."

"Your brother, yes. I heard that he got into a fight as soon as he entered the Heaven's Gate Temple."

"Boys will be boys, am I right? It's natural for some conflict when you start a new school. At that age, you learn a lot from hitting each other and getting hit." Tae-Kyung smiled and shrugged. "Anyway, may I ask why you summoned me, sir?"

It was clear that the nobleman was highly capable, but Tae-Kyung's casual dismissal seemed to render him momentarily speechless. At last, as though weighing his words carefully, he said, "I wish to speak to you about the impending confrontation."

"With my master?"

"That's right. To be plain, it must be stopped."

Tae-Kyung stroked his shaggy beard. "The Heavenly Sword King... Is this because the Great Elder wishes to fight?"

"Correct. Do you know what occurred between your master and my father twenty years ago?"

"They had a close match. Master says that it could have gone either way."

Namgoong Ryong sighed deeply. "Perhaps, but my father was very upset about his defeat. For several years after, he devoted himself to training."

Losing is always painful. For one of the strongest in the world, a fanatic obsessed with mastery of the sword, the sense of loss must have been that much worse.

[For his son to bring this up, he must be really pissed off.]

A bitter duel between the greatest masters would inevitably be fierce. There could easily be bloodshed. Certainly, if the men had been likely to exchange words and then part on good terms, Namgoong Ryong would not have said anything. The problem was...

"I don't think I'll be able to convince Master," said Tae-Kyung. "In fact, I'm sure I won't."

After a year together in the Chamber of Flame, Tae-Kyung and the old man had come to understand each other well. Jeok Cheon-Gang would never back down, even in the face of his own death.

"I don't understand what you're saying. This absolutely cannot be allowed to go ahead." His gaze stern, Namgoong Ryong leaned forward and said, "Do you know what would happen if this match goes wrong?"

"I... have a reasonable idea."

The Fire King and the Heavenly Sword King were both giants in the world of Murim. If the worst were to happen, the aftermath would be like a meteorite striking the shore of a calm lake. It would not just make ripples; the lake would be irrevocably altered.

"You should not have brought us here."

"I know, but there was no choice. Even as the head of my House, I cannot convince my father. Can you do anything about it?"

Tae-Kyung shook his head. Further discussion was meaningless. "I'll try."

"I'll try, too. I'll go see my father right away."

"Sure, but I think you're fooling yourself."

"What does that mean?"

"Nothing. If you'll excuse me."

Bowing politely, Tae-Kyung turned and left the palace interior. At the gates, the heir of the Namgoong Family was waiting for him, eyes aflame.

The Sword Dragon raised his chin. "Hey, you punk!"

"What? Why are you acting like a jerk?"

"I heard everything. You had the audacity to be rude to my father! Is the great Namgoong Family a joke to you?"

"Rude? I treated him like my master."

"Bullshit!"

"It's true. If you're really curious, go ask him, but I'm not waiting here."

As Tae-Kyung was dragging his iron weights past the elite guards, the Sword Dragon snapped. "How dare you!"

It happened in an instant. With speed born of natural brilliance and long training, the Sword Dragon unsheathed his blade. The sword should have cut the air, too fast to see. Instead, it stopped dead, less than half drawn from its scabbard.

"How?" The young man stared at the manacled hand resting on the hilt of his sword.

"It's not something to draw so easily," said Tae-Kyung, giving the wide-eyed Sword Dragon a friendly pat on the shoulder with his other hand. "You should consider your goals carefully. Now, try to act like a gentleman."

As the nearby guards stared in shock, Tae-Kyung smiled at one of the servants. "Excuse me. Are there any uninhabited mountains nearby? I could use some fresh air."

***

Once he was sure that he was not being followed, Tae-Kyung started to climb the mountain path.

Spring was in full-bloom, the mountain a lush green under an endless blue sky. He walked for some time through verdant meadows and sun-dappled woods, enjoying the sound of birdsong and leaves rustling in the wind, until at last he heard a voice.

"Good," it said. "Very good."

An old man stood tall in the beautiful natural landscape. Bony fingers were stroking his long beard and his sunken eyes seemed to shine with an inner light. His face bore a striking resemblance to Namgoong Ryong.

"It is my honour to meet the Great Elder," said Tae-Kyung, saluting.

Namgoong Cheon, the former head of the Namgoong Family and one of the Ten Kings of Murim, the Heavenly Sword King, narrowed his eyes and spoke. "There was a reason why the old man was invited to the ceremony."

"What do you mean, sir?"

"In his later years, the Great Elder chose a serpent for a disciple. I know what you're up to; there's no need to pretend."

"Oh, I'm sorry if I offended you." Tae-Kyung scratched the back of his head and grinned. It was embarrassing to cut to the heart of the matter, but it was also pretty comfortable. "Was it too obvious?"

It was some time before that he had first noticed his presence. Namgoong Ryong had not been able, but Tae-Kyung was different. He had come up the mountain under the pretence of getting some air because a tacit invitation had been sent and received.

"Hmm." The Sword King exhaled slowly. His deep eyes stared intently at the boy, appraising him. "You are a bold one. Aren't you scared?"

"Master says that I'm too cocky."

"Yes, I think he's right. It's been so long that I'd forgotten what this feels like."

"I can imagine. Who would dare to be arrogant towards the Heavenly Sword King?"

"Not one soul in decades. Until today." Tae-Kyung felt his hair standing on end as piercing eyes bored into his soul. "Tell me," said the Sword King, "why you have come here."

His moment had come. Tae-Kyung took a deep breath, then dropped to his knees and prostrated himself in the deepest of bows. Clanking chains pooled around him as he lowered his forehead to the earth.

"What are you doing?" said the old man.

"Please, I beg you not to duel with my master."

"You wish me to withdraw? Why should I do that?"

"Forgive me, but I cannot tell you."

"What!"

Tae-Kyung could not see the expression that the Sword King was making, but he could feel the weight of his terrible gaze. His exposed neck tingled. [I can sort of understand his anger...] After years of training for the duel, a boy had suddenly appeared and, without any explanation, asked for the long-awaited event to be cancelled.

The die had been cast. Burying his head further into the soil, Tae-Kyung said, "Forgive me, but I cannot tell you why."

"Speak now!"

"I can't tell you."

"Wretch!"

A great wind swept over them. Flowers and shrubs were torn from the ground, and the nearby trees moaned, limbs cracking.

"This is your last chance."

Face pressed to the earth, Tae-Kyung closed his eyes. "I can't tell you."

In the deadly silence that followed, killing intent smothered him, almost crushing him to the ground. Then the pressure subsided. "Get up."

Tae-Kyung clambered to his feet, dripping dirt and roots.

The voice of the Sword King was as dry as desert sand. "I have waited twenty years."

"Then please wait one more." He tried to keep his voice calm. "I can't tell you the details, but Master is not well right now. You didn't wait twenty years for that kind of victory, did you?"

"A victory like that..." The Heavenly Sword King let out a hollow laugh. "The Great Elder has raised his disciple well."

"You honour me, but..."

"But you must earn such a request. Survival in Murim requires minimum standards to be met."

Tae-Kyung looked up to see Death staring back down at him.

"Three seconds," said the Sword King. "Endure my attacks for three seconds and I will grant your wish."

*Ding!

-An unexpected quest, [Three Seconds], has been created!  
-Will you accept?

The eyes of the Sword King boiled like the depths of a storm. These would not be a normal three seconds; they would contain blows that could cut mountains and split rivers.

Tae-Kyung licked his parched lips. "I'll do it."

"Your courage will be your doom."

"Maybe. Maybe not. But first..." Tae-Kyung raised his arms; shackles swayed in the rising wind. "May I untie these?"

"If you wish. It will change nothing." As the Sword King spoke, a world-conquering power seemed to unfurl inside his ancient body. The sky grew dark. "Can you withstand the Emperor Sword Form?" (帝王劍形 -- Chinese: Emperor Sword Shape, perhaps should be 劍影 meaning Sword Afterimage, a common wuxia trope meaning 'too fast to see')

Rather than reply, Tae-Kyung shrugged off the shackles that had held his limbs for over a year. Chains and iron balls thumped to the ground.

The Sword King nodded, once. Hurricane winds began to howl and light swirled around him. Faster than a lightning strike, he drew his heavenly blade.