"A car?"

The black block of tangled metal hurtled closer at terrifying speed. Taxi driver Park saw death falling towards him. The faces of his beloved wife and daughter floated before him. He'd been planning to take them for ox bone soup after work, but now he'd never see them again. There wasn't time to mourn or to swerve, wasn't time to do anything except lift his hands from the wheel and raise them as though he could somehow shield himself from his doom.

Eyes closed, he screamed. "Ahhhhhhh!"

BOOM!

He felt the explosion of air around him, heard metal deforming at high speed and glass shattering into fragments, felt himself thrown through the air.

"You're going to make me deaf, uncle," said the passenger.

"Ahhhhhhh... eh?" Park blinked. "Huh?"

He was sitting on the side of the road. Before his eyes, his taxi cab careened off the road, little more than a burning, crushed shell.

"What... what the hell?"

His saviour, Jin Tae-Kyung, was standing nearby, staring into the distance. Eyebrows furrowed, the solid young man spoke without turning. "Hey, uncle. Run back the way we came. Don't look back and don't stop."

Heart pounding, Park knew in his bones that something tremendous was happening and that his survival depended on heeding the warning. He scrambled to his feet. "Yes!"

"Oh! And alert the authorities."

Park hesitated. "W-what do you mean?"

Jin Tae-Kyung raised a finger. Darkness was gathering in the bright morning sky. "A gate is opening."

As if in answer, a terrifying roar echoed in the distance. Around them, other drivers were turning their cars around or, when that was impossible, abandoning vehicles and running for their lives. "Gate! A gate is opening!" "Run!" "Go, go, don't stop!" "Mom! Where are you? Mom!" In moments, the congested road was engulfed in chaos, people running and falling, voices screaming, panicked shouting.

Tae-Kyung grabbed his spear case and hopped up onto the roof of a nearby car. A translucent holographic window shimmered into the air before him.

Ding!
-An unexpected quest, [Gate Suppression] has been created. -You cannot reject the quest. -Quest has been forcibly accepted!

[Motherfucker, I don't even get a choice.]

[Gate Suppression] An unexpected gate has opened! The monsters appearing on Earth are bloodthirsty and are surrounded by delicious prey. Limit damage as much as possible and eliminate monsters to suppress the gate. Rank: Peak Restrictions: None Objectives: Eliminate monsters at the new gate (Incomplete) Quest reward: ??? Quest failure: ???

A gate on a busy road was a completely different matter to one that opened far from civilisation, in the mountains or by the sea. Worse, the emerging invaders weren't goblins or orcs. Larger than trucks, with fangs like industrial saw blades, they were unstoppable monsters that could pulverise vehicles or concrete barriers with a single blow.

Ogres.

Tae-Kyung had studied them in the Monster Encyclopaedia as he commuted to work. Classified as among the most powerful B-rank monsters, ogres were feared for their terrible strength and destructive instincts. It was ogres that had led the vanguard during the invasions of the Cataclysm, causing enormous casualties as they hacked their way through the cities, grinding entire districts to rubble.

Reality was tearing asunder, and five or six ogres had already pushed their way through, brandishing huge dark iron weapons. That number alone was already a considerable threat and more would follow close behind.

[They have to be stopped or people will die.]

Tae-Kyung saw that others had also recognised the severity of the risk. About 800 metres away, a group of twenty figures were rushing the ogres from all directions, their weapons flashing in the sunshine.

Overseeing them from a command position, B-rank hunter Hwang Chul-Soo was sweating profusely. What was the chance of a gate opening here? The probability was supposed to be lower than most natural disasters, with numerous articles published by universities around the world about the drop in gate formation since the defeat of the Demon King, Asmodeus.

But the scholars were wrong. Only one or two new gates were expected to open each year, but this was the fourth in Korea, with months still to go.

Worse, it had opened at the tollgate under the jurisdiction of Hwang Chul-Soo.

"A B-class gate," he muttered, sweating as he tried to monitor his team. "And ogres. Fucking ogres."

"Healer!" someone was screaming.

"Suppressing fire... Suppressing fire!"

"Tanks, get in there! Come on!"

They were hopelessly outclassed. Two B-rank hunters and fifteen C-rank, normally an elite platoon. As Chul-Soo watched, a huge iron mace crashed down and voices cried out in pain. On the other flank, an iron-clad hulk swept its club in a great arc; a tower shield and the man that bore it went tumbling through the air. Other hunters bravely scrambled to get themselves between the monstrous foe and their vulnerable back-line.

[What should I do? What should I do!] Hwang Chul-Soo was 30, a civil servant who earned a high salary and excellent pension due to his rank, but was used to administrative roles rather than the rigours of battle.

"Commander!" The vice-team leader was screaming something. "Commander! We need support!"

"Yes... Yes! Just hold for five more minutes!"

"We won't last two! We need support! Call in local hunters! You can..."

The words cut off abruptly, as a chunk of concrete hit the vice-leader like a cannon ball.

"Healer!" But, even as Chul-Soo shouted, something in the back of his mind reminded him that the vice-leader was one of only two healers on the team.

Fewer than half of his seventeen were standing now, fighting a desperate holding pattern and trying to draw the attention of the ogres from their fallen allies.

It had only been a minute. Reinforcements would not come in time.

Hwang Chul-Soo stood, opening and closing his mouth, watching as his squad were pushed back. "W-what hell is this?"

Defeat was inevitable. The gap between high B-rank monsters and the Tollgate Squad was too vast. And things were rapidly getting worse.

"Commander!" cried one of the archers.

"Team leader, gate! The gate!"

The rift in space-time was widening, crackling with lightning so black it hurt to look at. As the commander stared in horror, huge figures pushed their way through from the other side. Six ogres had become ten; the newcomers bellowed in rage and delight, then charged into the fray. Even at full strength, his team had been severely outclassed. Now, they gave up all pretence of fighting and instead threw up barriers, scrambled behind burning cars, and ran and blocked and ducked before the berserk onslaught.

"Team leader!" "Look right!" "Cover me!" "Shit, shit, shit!"

He could hear the despair in their voices; Chul-Soo felt it himself. His throat was dry. Their power was overwhelming. A single thought fixed in his mind: [Can I survive?]

The squad was screaming for him.

He took a step backwards.

The squad fought on. They had pledged themselves to serve as the shield of humanity. Every minute they held could save civilian lives.

[I won't die here like a dog. Reinforcements won't be enough...] "Team!" he yelled, voice cracking. "Strategic retreat..."

They could not hear him.

A great sound rolled over the battlefield, a boiling tempest that blazed with light so intense that onlookers raised their hands to shield their eyes.

As the soldiers stumbled and struggled backwards, vainly trying to support one another, a line of fire passed over their heads. Chul-Soo watched as it sliced into the ogres. Where it touched, their flesh burst. Blood fell like rain as towering bodies teetered and collapsed, their arms or heads or chests pulverised by the scorching light. The nearest ogre took a single step, then came crashing down like a giant oak.

Hunters and monsters froze among the carnage and stared.

"Ah, that was great!" The voice was cheerful.

Goosebumps on his whole body, Hwang Chul-Soo hurriedly searched for the speaker. Atop a nearby tour bus, neither ghost nor monster, stood a young man. His brown hair was tangled and roughly matted, his eyes half-moons of delight.

"Would you guys mind taking a break?" he shouted to the hunters. Around him, the remaining ogres were charging forward, bringing their terrible armaments to bear.

Tae-Kyung laughed. "You all need to get into cover... and, for your reference, if you steal any experience points, I'll be pretty pissed off!"

With that, he jumped down and launched himself into the ogres.

In a rising strike, his spear pierced one great beast through its jaw, the tip momentarily passing through armour, flesh and bone to protrude from the top of its skull. Withdrawing the blade, he whirled into the group, slaying a second ogre as the first was still staggering backwards. Iron rods smashed down from all sides, ringing like thunder as they smashed a fountain of concrete from the street, but Tae-Kyung had already moved, his spear trapped in the chest of a third dying beast. Seizing a dagger from the inventory, he stepped beneath the clutching embrace of another ogre and pierced its groin, opening a huge vein.

"Congratulations. That's the conception vein," he said, as the beast shrieked in inhuman agony and crumpled to its knees.

Tae-Kyung cut its throat and left the dagger there as he dodged another mighty blow, then snatched up his spear and clashed with another newcomer.

Blood and screams. But Tae-Kyung could only hear one sound. The sweetest sound in the world.

*Ding *Ding *Ding

-[Lv84] You have defeated the Ogre! -You have earned a considerable amount of experience! -[Lv83] Did you kill the Ogre? -You've earned a fair amount of experience!

[Turn it off! I'm already full!]