*Ding!

-[Blood Point] has been released.  
-Time to wake up!

Tae-Kyung opened his eyes to the night sky. Above him, a thick tapestry of tree branches swayed and rustled in the chill wind. Bright stars twinkled down at him through gaps in the canopy. Cold, hard rock pressed into his back where he lay.

[I'm outside. What a surprise...] 

Even a pre-schooler would have been able to guess that Jeok Cheon-Gang wouldn't put him in a soft bed. That said, by now, he was fine wherever he slept.

[But why is my body so heavy?]

Perhaps he'd been pushing himself too hard recently? It was natural to be exhausted after running across entire provinces! No matter what the system might be, he himself was still just a man. After a forced march for fifteen days, his body felt as though it was weighed down with iron.

As he sat upright, he heard a metallic clink.

"Huh?" With growing horror, Tae-Kyung saw that his wrists and ankles were bound by thick manacles and chains. "Is that... an iron ball?"

[What's this? What's going on? Why am I chained up?] The answer was obvious: "The Fire King!"

There was a loud cry from nearby and a pebble struck Tae-Kyung in the back of his head. "Have you ever seen such a rude punk?"

"Ouch!" Grabbing his head and wincing in pain, Tae-Kyung noticed the old man strolling into view.

"How dare you call out a nickname like that! Do you think we're friends?"

Tae-Kyung scrambled to his feet, but stumbled as the chains pulled taut. "What is this?"

"That? An iron ball."

"I didn't ask because I didn't know. I mean, why have I been chained?"

"For training," said his master. "You'd better get used to it. Those chains will become one with your body and make you strong. They've been passed down from generation to generation, so treat them as you would your own child."

His expression equal parts confusion and concern, Tae-Kyung pulled on the manacles. The iron ball barely moved. It was so heavy that it would have been a considerable burden for even many first-class warriors. The chain links rustled and scraped as Tae-Kyung straightened. "These have been handed down for training?"

"Didn't your grandfather just tell you that?"

"How much do they weigh, though?"

"Not much. About two hundred catty." (斤 -- Chinese: Catty/Jin; Korean: Gwan)

[That's... what... about a hundred and twenty kilos by modern standards? So one of these evil bastards on each limb is... motherfucker! About five hundred kilos! That's half a ton!]

"Have you gone senile?" shouted Tae-Kyung, fully expecting to be struck for his outburst.

Instead, a strange emotion flickered across his master's face. Shaking his head, the old man continued, "Like I said, you'll learn to live with them. You won't only wear these chains while training. You'll have them on all the time, even while eating and sleeping."

"Is this really necessary for training, though?"

"Absolutely, but if you don't believe in me, quit."

As Cheon-Gang turned and walked away, Tae-Kyung called out, shambling after him as quickly as the manacles would allow. "Now, wait a minute!"

"Why? You're giving up, anyway."

"No, I haven't said anything, yet! You can't leave like that!"

The old man looked back over his shoulder. "So, what's your answer?"

"It..." Tae-Kyung was torn; he shook his head. The initial shock of seeing the iron shackles was already fading. [Fuck it. There's nothing I can't do.] Both of his worlds were hard, but he'd already overcome so many challenges. [If I'd turned back, I wouldn't have come this far.] Every reward had its price and this one was a bargain: learning from the Fire King would be worth any sacrifice. "...Sounds good to me."

"Sorry, I can't hear you."

"Let's do this!"

"Haha! Good!" A smile spread across Cheon-Gang's wrinkled face. The sneaky old man acted like he didn't care, but Tae-Kyung knew that he wanted this, too.

"So, what do we do now?"

"You want to start right away?"

"Yeah... Let's take the bull by the horns. There's no time like the present, right?"

"That's what I like to hear. First, we eat."

"What? Now?"

"You shouldn't starve yourself while training, should you?" said the Fire King, tossing him a small bundle.

Unwrapping the damp paper, Tae-Kyung revealed a pill. It was red-tinged under the faint moonlight. "Uh. I'd prefer beef jerky."

"Don't complain, just eat it. It's made using the ways of the Flame Clan."

"What effect does it have?"

"It's excellent in every way."

"Sounds great, but I'm not that hungry right now. I don't want to get bloated before we start, you know?"

"It's particularly good for virility."

"Looks delicious!" Thinking of the future, Tae-Kyung chewed and swallowed the Flame Pill.

"All done?"

"Yes, grandfather."

Cheon-Gang narrowed his eyes. "Can you feel anything?"

"Well, maybe my sperm count has risen a bit...?"

"Huh, maybe I should have made it fresh. The medicinal effect should have kicked in..."

As Tae-Kyung tilted his head in confusion, he heard a familiar chime.

*Ding!

-You have taken the [Golden Altar of the Fire King].  
-You feel full!  
-[Agility] reduced by 100!  
-[Strength] falls by 100!  
-[Stamina] drops by 100!  
-The use of [Qi] is prohibited!  
-This effect lasts for 1 week!

Even as the system notification sounded, his breathing shortened and the strength left his limbs. Tae-Kyung could feel his Qi withdrawing, coiling in his dantian. Suddenly, the power that was supporting the chains vanished; he gasped, immobile, dragged down by half a ton of iron.

"What the hell!"

"Ah!" Cheon-Gang chuckled in relief. "It's finally taking effect."

"What have you done, you crazy old man?"

"Crazy old man, is it?"

"Ugh, that's not what I meant..."

"Your training has begun," said his master, stretching out his wrinkled palms.

Like a great hurricane, colossal energy began to circulate through the small, old body. His beard and hair whipped, as the fierce wind screamed down over the mountain.

[W-wait. Are we on a cliff?] Looking around frantically, Tae-Kyung felt his stomach drop. Behind him, a great vista unfurled, with breathtaking views over rivers and gorges far below. The trees below looked like toothpicks. "Now, hold on a minute!"

"Take the bull by the horns, boy," said Cheon-Gang. Compressed air erupted from his palm and a wind strong enough to uproot rocks and trees struck Tae-Kyung like a giant's fist.

Hundreds of kilograms of iron were flung backwards. [Ah, shit.] As empty space opened beneath his feet and he was thrown screaming into the void, Tae-Kyung saw his master smiling and waving atop the cliff.

"It takes an hour to come back up!" shouted the old man. "One second late and you fail!"

*Ding!

-The quest [Fire King's Hellish Training-1] has been created!  
-You cannot decline!	

There was only one thing he could say as he fell into darkness: "Ahhhhhhh!"

With his echoing scream of terror, the training had begun.

***

Atop the soaring precipice, Jeok Cheon-Gang laughed at the faint splash. Suddenly, memories of his youth came flooding back.

[Master! Help!]

[I'll count to three, then let go. Three.]

[Please! If I fall from here, I'll die!]

[Two.]

[Master! Please, don't!]

[One.]

He'd been a harsh master, showing no sympathy for his young disciple. However, that training had laid the foundation for him to become the Fire King.

[I must be just as hard... No, perhaps even harder.]

His student was oblivious to the need for urgency, but Cheon-Gang was painfully aware. There wasn't time to take a methodical approach; time was already running out. Hong Dao had warned him that the signs in the Heavens demanded haste and Cheon-Gang was aware that was no less true for his own failing health.

"Hold on, boy." He spoke his words into the darkness. "Your grandfather will do his best." Then, moments later, as his piercing eyes scoured the bottom of the mountain, he muttered, "Perhaps I shouldn't have added the iron ball..."

***

"Ugh. One. Ugh. Two."

Each step sank deep into the thawing ground, leaving behind deep footprints. His steps were carving a deep ditch into the mountainside. Rivers of sweat poured down his face and body, but he couldn't help but feel elated.

*Ding!

-Extreme training! Endless hard work is never wasted!  
-[Strength], [Stamina], and [Agility] increased by 1!  
-[Muscles], [Bones], and [Blood Vessels] increased by 2!

Even a small increase made a huge difference.

[If not for this damn ball and this stupid fucking golden altar I would have completed this quest ages ago!]

But no, the Flame Pill had crippled his physical abilities and locked away his Qi. How was he supposed to climb the sacred mountain of the Flame Clan in an hour?

When he had first clambered out of the lake at the bottom of the cliff, he'd tried to cut the chain. That was when he discovered that they weren't made iron. No, some master in ages past had forged them from 10,000 year cold iron. [What kind of crazy bastard uses that on a chain?]

Ultimately, Tae-Kyung had to endure the trial. By the time he managed to return to the top of the cliff, he thought he'd die.

His master had looked at him, nodded once, then kicked him off the cliff. "Again."

[Bastard!]

One day, two, three... and finally ten days passed before he heard that magical sound.

*Ding!

-You have completed the quest, [Fire King's Hellish Training-1]!  
-A significant amount of experience has been granted!  
-Level up!  
-You earned 30 bonus points!

Reaching the summit, he hurled the iron ball to the ground and shouted at the sky in victory.

Nearby, Jeok Cheon-Gang was startled awake. "Muh? What's going on!"

[This damn old man sleeping while I was dying down there!] Gritting his teeth, Tae-Kyung approached his master. "Didn't you see? I did it! I climbed Mount Jiuhua in an hour!"

"Eh? Why are you climbing the mountain?"

"...Pardon?"

Jeok Cheon-Gang blinked, then said, "Oh... Oh. Yes, it's a long way. You did well. Now we can take the next step. Looks like we're prepared already."

Following his pointing finger, Tae-Kyung saw a vest leaning against a nearby boulder. It was huge, thick and made of iron.

"Is..." Tae-Kyung started to tremble. "Is that what I think it is?"

"What do you think it is?"

"You want me to wear that and repeat the task again?"

"Haha. You must be joking!"

Tae-Kyung could have collapsed in relief.

"That's so cute," said Cheon-Gang, smiling like a neighbourhood grandfather. "It was too much last time."

"...What?"

"This time I'll give you half an hour, instead. You'd better get started!"

*Ding!

-Quest information has been updated!  
-The recurring quest [Fire King's Training in Hell-1] has been created!