The air was thick with tobacco smoke. Figures moved quietly through the haze, delivering drinks, tokens and sometimes even discrete messages. Gamblers sat in dark nooks, hunched over cards or dice or mahjong, their eyes narrowed in concentration.

In one corner sat a shabby-looking gentleman, his face unshaven and breath reeking of stale wine. His bloodshot eyes were half-hidden behind eyeglasses that once would have cost dozens of nyang, but were now cracked like mud on a hot summer's day.

"I'm going to die," he mumbled, fiddling with a Chinese domino.

Two people were watching him from a table on the other side of the room.

"Are you sure? Is that...?"

"Yeah. That's Kwak Cheol-Yong for sure."

"My God, I never thought I'd see a legendary High Roller in person!"

The two were mediocre gamblers, one with small cold eyes like a serpent and the other a bearded knave.

The bearded man stared at Kwak Cheol-Yong, who was turning the domino over and over in his fingers. "But what's wrong with him?"

Unshaven, with a haggard complexion, his opulent silk clothes were dirty and torn. He was said to have amassed great wealth over a long career in casinos and sporting events the length and breadth of the country. But now, he was no more than a failed gambler.

"Has anything happened to him?"

"Yeah," said Snake Eyes. "You got to Henan late, so you may not be aware, but it was pretty big news."

"Come on, man, stop teasing me. What happened?"

"He lost a bet."

The knave smiled, confused. "What? That happens to everyone."

"Sure... but what about losing a thousand nyang?"

"Fuck!" Eyes wide, the bearded man nearly spilt his drink. "A thousand?" That was an astronomical sum. With a thousand nyang, a man could live well for the rest of his days and then provide the same for his son and grandson. The knave licked his lips nervously. "It must have been the match of the century. Who was his opponent? Agwi? Jjag-gwi?"

"How can you not know? Agwi had his hands cut off in Seongsan and Jjag-Gwi disappeared a while ago."

"But who else can beat Kwak Cheol-Yong?"

"The Sleeping Dragon of Shanxi."

"Who?"

"His name's Jin Tae-Kyung. The disciple of the Fire King."

The Fire King was a world-renowned transcendent master. Why would his disciple be gambling with a shark like Cheol-Yong?

"Ah!" cried the Knave. "He bet on the Convocation!"

"Haha, exactly."

"Tsk, so you're so you're saying he did something stupid. The odds offered for the preliminaries are high, but the risks are higher! I guess he must have been over-confident... Who did he bet on?"

"The Iron Leviathan."

"Well, his master is the Sea King, but I didn't think he was strong enough to be a sure thing."

Snake Eyes shook his head. "You're not wrong. During the first round his Shipwreck Punch destroyed a tenth of the cliff."

"Shit! Is that even possible?" The Knave scratched his beard. He'd heard rumours that martial masters could break the earth and split the sky, but such a feat was hard to believe.

"Not only possible." His friend gave a sly smile. "It wasn't even enough. Right after that, the Sleeping Dragon collapsed the entire cliff."

"Hang on. I thought you just said he collapsed the cliff."

"Haha! Right! The whole thing came down. Many on the mountain thought there was an earthquake." Seeing his friend frowning, Snake Eyes laughed. "I dismissed it as nonsense, too, honestly. How can a man tear down a cliff with his bare hands?"

"It's hard to believe..."

"Sure is. But apparently it's true. Kwak Cheol-Yong can testify to that."

"Oh damn, so he lost a thousand nyang."

"Nope. Five thousand... He must have been so sure he'd win." Snake Eyes looked across at the High Roller with pity. The older man was staring blankly at the tile in his hands. "Three days ago, the Iron Leviathan decided to go back to the Yangtze River. Lord Kwak should have been as wise."

"So he stayed at the tournament?"

Snake Eyes nodded. "The next one he chose was Jong-Sam of the Lightning Kick (倱雷腳 -- Chinese: Daze Thunder Leg). He bet that he'd get the highest score in the screening."

"Isn't he one of the most skilled masters in Guangxi Province?"

"Yeah, but quite a few people will be competing for that title now his leg's broken."

"Let me guess..." Finishing another glass of rice wine, the Knave wiped his lips. "The Sleeping Dragon?"

"Now you're getting the hang of it." Snake Eyes chuckled. "Apparently, the two of them had a minor disagreement and decided to settle it by trading blows. Well. The Sleeping Dragon broke his shin."

"Huh? How? Didn't he block?"

"They say that he did really well, but after the first couple of strikes, Jong-Sam's famous leg gave way. After that, the next thing..."

Surrounded by the smoke and the clatter of dice, Snake Eyes continued to recount the astonishing deeds that had ruined Kwak Cheol-Yong

The Kunlun Cloud Dragon (崑崙雲龍) of the Kunlun Faction, said to be one of the most talented young experts in the world at the light body technique, fell during the leaping trial when he clashed with Jin Tae-Kyung in midair.

In the next trial, the heir of the Beggar Sect (後丐... but should be 丐帮) tried to close the gap with the Sleeping Dragon. When he failed, he exploded in anger and grabbed Jin Tae-Kyung by the back, but was beaten like a dog for his trouble.

"The fifth examination was in the Art of Machinery (機關陣式 -- Chinese: Mechanical Formation). This time, everyone expected the brilliant Young Lord of the Zhuge Family to take the top spot, but..."

"Don't tell me. Instead, explain how the Sleeping Dragon won again. Is he as skilled with machines as he is at martial arts?"

"Not at all. Everyone says he's ignorant about everything. He just broke all the mechanisms and traps, so he could pass through the trial faster than anyone else." Snake Eyes sat back in his chair and spread his hands. "And that was how the Sleeping Dragon topped all five qualifying rounds and Kwak Cheol-Yong became a penniless beggar. They say he'd even used the funds and property he'd saved for retirement as collateral, so..." Shaking his head in sympathy, Snake Eyes looked back at the legendary High Roller. In front of him was a small heap of coins. Perhaps it was all that was left of his fortune. "Blowing it all in one shot. Can you imagine?"

"No," said the Knave. "Five thousand nyang... If he lost it all, did anyone win big?"

"Yeah. A man they're calling the Golden Faced Master."

"The Golden Faced Master bet on the Sleeping Dragon?"

"He did. He has great foresight. Must have earned tens of thousands of nyang in this Convocation. Why do you think he wears a gold mask?"

"What? I don't know... I would, too, probably..."

"They say he's a young man who hasn't even moved, yet. That's how he can do it."

"Shit, most people don't even have a house by this age..."

As the two men sighed, another pushed back his chair and rose to his feet. 

Kwak Cheol-Yong staggered out of the gambling hall and into his new life. Clutched in his hand, all he had remaining was the few iron coins he had received from the winner's tip (개평).

***

The Convocation of the Stars was a tournament that lasted at least a fortnight and sometimes as long as a month. After three days of trials at the beginning, each competitor was given a single day to recuperate. Many spent that time honing their skills and the training areas were full of figures sparring or lifting weights; others took the opportunity to participate in the revelries, going out among the crowds to sample drinks and snacks from across the mainland, play games of chance, or mingle in the carnival atmosphere.

"Youngest! Youngest!"

"Captain! Captain-niiim!"

Cringing, Tae-Kyung gestured for the distant figures to show a bit more discretion. [Don't scream like that with so many people around! People are already staring at me!] Knowing that they would not be able to restrain themselves, he hurried across the crowded square, under brightly-painted lanterns, past tables heaped with dumplings and skewers of sizzling meats and elaborately-presented soup banquets. People were laughing and shouting, toasting with bowls of spirits; many lifted their drinks in a salute to Tae-Kyung as he passed.

Formal gown flapping behind him, Jin Wi-Kyung rushed through the crowd like an angry bear. He spread his arms wide and cried, "My youngest brother! My wonderful brother!"

As his huge paws closed on Tae-Kyung's upper body, lifting him into a hug, Hyuk Mu-Jin grabbed his hand. Tears pouring down his cheeks, he dropped to his knees and showered his master's hand with kisses. "Oh, Captain!" he cried. "Brightest star of the Convocation! The pride of the Jin Family! The shining light of Shanxi Province! Our Captain! My lord!"

[Jin Wi-Kyung I can understand, but what's gotten into Mu-Jin?] Wriggling to free himself from their grip, he asked, "Are you crazy?"

"Yes, I'm crazy! I'm crazy about your strength, Captain!"

"You're freaking me out, man. Let go now!"

With that, Tae-Kyung delivered three lightning-fast blows to the top of his head. Mu-Jin's continued to weep and refused to release his hand. "Thank you!" he cried. "Thank you for hitting me!"

"Are... are you a masochist?" Tae-Kyung was struck by the sudden thought that he'd beaten Mu-Jin many times. Had he been enjoying it? "I respect your taste, but..."

His fist struck Mu-Jin in the temple and collapsed him like a sack of potatoes. When he hit the ground, a glittering object slipped from his tunic and clattered on the ground.

"Eh?" Tae-Kyung stooped and picked it up. "A gold mask?" [You tricky bastard, what have you been up to? This is confiscated for the rest of your life.]

It was at that moment, while they stood at the edge of the square, that he spotted someone he hadn't seen in a while.

"Ahem! Ahem!"

"Are your lungs alright, grandfather?"

Flinching, Jeok Cheon-Gang shifted his eyes back from the distant mountains. "Eh? What nonsense are you talking, boy?"

"You've been coughing for a while, though."

"Ahem! Ahem!"

Tae-Kyung could not stop a smile forming at the corners of his mouth. "Are you thinking about how to tell me I did well?"

The Fire King raised an eyebrow.

"Perfect score for all five evaluations," Tae-Kyung continued. "Unanimously voted first place overall. It's pretty good, right?"

"Ahem. It's not that much to be proud about. Anyone could do it, so don't get too excited."

"This is the first time it's happened in the history of the Convocation."

"These are just the qualifying rounds. Did you forget what I told you? The world is wide; there are many hidden masters. Did you defeat three of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes?"

The Iron Leviathan of the Yangtze River Channel Alliance, the Cloud Dragon of the Kunlun Sect, and the Wondrous Dragon (神奇妙龍) of the Zhuge Family. Although not Dragons, the Prince of the Beggar Sect was a master of comparable skill, and Jong-Sam of the Lightning Kick was a brilliant Peak Master, famed in Guangxi Province. With different origins and specialties, the five shared one thing in common...

"I beat them all."

Jeok Cheon-Gang was quiet for a moment, then he shook his head. "They're all weak."

"Or I'm strong."

"Ah, such arrogance."

"Grandfather, can't you please just tell me that I did well? I've come here to do honour to you and the Flame Clan."

"You're not there, yet," snapped the old man. But as he spoke, the area around his mouth twitched like he was trying hard not to smile.

In the next moment, a sound transmission from Jin Wi-Kyung confirmed his suspicions.

-- Don't worry too much. The Great Elder seems to be pleased. He's been boasting about your achievements, brother.

As if he had overheard, the Fire King coughed at precisely the right moment. "Ahem! Don't be too arrogant simply because you've made it through the screening rounds. Prepare your mind and body for the finals, understood?"

His master was right. They had only finished the preliminary stages. The actual fighting had not even started; that was where the true champions would be revealed. Among those who had made it through the trials, there might be a considerable number of masters who would be the equal of, or even superior to, the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes. While Tae-Kyung had watched the other qualifiers, he had already seen several martial artists who seemed to possess incredible skills.

[He's right. The world is wide.]

Anyone who had managed to qualify while concealing their real ability would be both strong and smart. That would make them extremely dangerous.

Tae-Kyung grinned and saluted with his fist. "I'll do that, Master."

"Good! Haha, ahem! Good!" said the wrinkled old man, no longer able to hide his smile.