Tens of thousands of voices cheered, the deafening noise boiling around the mountainside. Spectators and warriors, food vendors and administrators — a vast crowd had gathered for the grand tournament; the atmosphere was electric, with people clapping and yelling and laughing in excitement.

On a balcony above the assembled masses stood some of the most important individuals in Murim. The roar of the crowd rose to a fever pitch and then, just as suddenly, fell silent as Hong Dao, the Abbot of Shaolin, raised his hand. In his fist he held the Jade Khakkhara, the staff that symbolised a thousand years of Shaolin. It radiated authority. The crowd stared in hushed awe.

Hong Dao raised his voice and infused it with Qi, projecting his words to the other side of the valley. "This humble monk often studies the sky. For countless years, I have watched the heavens and read their messages." It had often been said that Hong Dao had not been made Abbot because his supreme martial arts, but because of his knowledge and wisdom. "Today, we begin the Convocation of the Stars. To be the brightest star in this gathering, you must look ever upwards and shine with your every act. This is the 'law' of survival in the dark."

The shorter the speech the better; this one was full of portent and mystery, delivered by the King of Cosmic Law. The crowd erupted in rapturous cheers and applause.

Tae-Kyung was suddenly curious. Of the tens of thousands gathered on the mountain, how many would have understood the true meaning of his words? One in ten? No, not even one in a hundred.

[Dark Heaven.]

The training that he'd undergone in the Chamber of the Divine Flame had been more rigorous than all of his previous experiences combined. Every waking hour, Jeok Cheon-Gang pushed him to his absolute limits, seeming to grow more impatient with every passing day. At first, Tae-Kyung had thought it was because of his great age, but soon after, his master had told him of a mighty enemy whose true nature had yet to be revealed: 'Dark Heaven. Time is short, boy. Train hard and prepare. That's the best you can do.'

As Tae-Kyung looked around at the crowd, he realised that his heart had started to pound in his chest. There were so many people. Calming himself, he looked up and found his master, standing near Hong Dao, on the right of the balcony. Jeok Cheon-Gang had noticeably aged in the last year. Still, despite his age and small size, he possessed a tremendous presence. Perhaps sensing eyes upon him, the Fire King looked down at Tae-Kyung and grinned. As Tae-Kyung smiled back, his grandfather sent words punching directly into his skull.

-- Know that if you don't win, boy, you die.

-- Most importantly, if you come up against someone called Peng, remember this: rip and tear!

With those words, a cool wind blew through his soul and, like a sudden shot of medicine, the pressure in his chest eased. Tae-Kyung averted his eyes. That morning, he had felt full of confidence, but now, having seen the enormous number of martial artists who had gathered? How could he guarantee victory? How could he disappoint his grandfather?

[Better not answer right now. If I promise and lose, it'll really suck.]

With the opening speech over, Tae-Kyung began pushing back through the packed crowd. While he was moving towards the area where the preliminaries were to be held, he noticed someone familiar in the sea of faces.

[What was his name? Oh yeah. Jongli Chu from Yunnan. He called himself Flourishing Sword, I think?]

Tae-Kyung wondered if he'd travelled all the way from some small village to attend the Convocation.

[Mind you, if he's half as good as he thinks he is, he might do well here.]

For a moment, he considered approaching the young warrior, but then changed his mind. It could be annoying. Instead, he nodded his head, unseen, and sent him good wishes for the tournament to come.

[Do your best, Jongli Chu... But pray you don't meet me.]

***

"I like duels. There's always a winner and a loser, no draws. How clear is that?" The speaker seemed in a good mood, a gentleman utterly at ease as he cleaned his glasses. Even owning such a luxury indicated his wealth and influence, for they had to be imported from the West. "That's why people like us are good at betting. Because we can determine the outcome."

Gambling was an important part of the tournament. Including the preliminaries, which served to filter out the least talented of the tens of thousands of applicants, there could be hundreds of rounds of competition before the finals. For this reason, the Convocation not only attracted the finest martial artists, but also the best of the gambling world.

"So, how do you plan to allocate your bets?" asked the host, rubbing his clean-shaven scalp. Bald and muscular, the bookmaker could easily have been mistaken for a rogue, but his attitude was polite and his phrasing careful.

"You are too impatient, my friend," said the gentleman.

"Only because there's already a sizeable backlog to process."

"Very well." Perching his glasses on his nose, the middle-aged gambler scanned the lists one last time. "Then let me see..." After a moment, he took a pouch from inside his jacket and tossed it to the tabletop, silver coins spilling out. "A thousand nyang on the Iron Leviathan (鐵水神龍 -- Chinese: Iron Water God Dragon) of the Yangtze River Channel Alliance (長江水路盟)."

That was a huge sum, especially given that the testing had yet to start. Checking his ledger, the bald man couldn't help but tremble at the audacity of his guest. "You're betting this on the victory of the Iron Leviathan?"

"I am. He's not that good, despite being one of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes, but his master is the Sea King (해상왕 / 海上王). So, more exactly, I'll bet that he qualifies at the top of his group."

The early rounds served to filter the best and brightest from the enormous numbers of applicants. Given the thousands of hopeful warriors, the odds being offered were often huge.

The bookie sighed. "That's different from what you said earlier."

"What do you mean?"

"Didn't you say you liked duels because the results are clear?"

"As expected, you shouldn't sit on this side of the table." The gentleman chuckled. "Only third-rate gamblers are so cautious. You have to go big or go home. In a duel, one of the two wins, so there's a set amount that you can earn. But who am I?"

"You're a High Roller." (赌昆 -- Chinese: Gambler Scammer)

"And that's why I like duels. People want to take the easy way, but the hard way is more lucrative." 

A gambler among gamblers. Only the very best were called Higher Rollers. This gentleman had already determined the correct path, based on meticulous investigation and calculation.

"You've taught me a lot, Lord Kwak." The bookie dipped his hairless head in a bow.

"If you've learned, you should pay the fee."

"What do you want?"

"Your discretion. Keep your mouth closed, as you have until now."

"Of course."

"Good. Then we're done here. The preliminaries must have started, so I'll go take my seat. I'll be back later for a drink and my winnings."

Of course, he had absolute confidence in his prediction. He was a genius, after all. Pushing back his chair, Lord Kwak gave a polite nod to his host and left the room.

Closing the door behind their client, the guard looked over with a curious expression on his face. "Boss, who's that man?"

"One of the best gamblers in the world."

"Oh, really?"

"There are only three legendary High Rollers." The bald man ticked off three fingers. "A ghost in Sichuan. A ghost in Guangdong. And finally... that man. Kwak Cheol-Yong."

"Kwak Cheol-Yong!"

"So, go and watch the Iron Leviathan," said the bald man, giving his guard a kick. "And don't be so cheeky next time!"

Soon after the warrior had left, the bookmaker welcomed his next guest. A masked figure slipped into his room, glancing back over his shoulder, as though checking whether he'd been followed.

"Are you looking to place a bet?"

"Is this confidential?" whispered the masked man, flinching as though he expected an attack at any moment.

[From those bruises, it looks like he's been beaten recently... still, not my problem.] The bookmaker couldn't keep the soft smile from his lips. It was the business smile he always wore when he spotted an easy mark. "Sure. Nothing leaves these four walls."

"Good. That's good." With a final furtive glance, the stranger removed a pouch of coins. "Then, one hundred nyang on Jin Tae-Kyung, the Sleeping Dragon of Shanxi, to qualify at the top of his group."

***

"Everyone from there to over there. Please follow me."

The preliminary stages of the Convocation had so many participants that hundreds of judges ran tests at dozens of sites. Hundreds of warriors trailed behind the official as he walked away; Jin Tae-Kyung went with them.

[Holy shit. This is a lot of people...]

Not only a lot of applicants, but diverse: battle-hardened veterans and skinny kids; eye-catching women and sleek, handsome men; warriors from across the mainland and far beyond its borders; every colour and ethnicity he could imagine. (百人百色 -- Chinese: Hundred People, Hundred Colours)

Among the many contenders in his group, one stood out: a pale giant, a head taller than Tae-Kyung.

[Shit, is he a man or a mountain?]

Standing over two metres in height, his arms were enormous and swollen with muscle. There was a tattoo on his forearm of a salmon pierced by a harpoon, which writhed every time he flexed his plate-sized hands. His appearance was strangely Western, to the extent that Tae-Kyung wondered if he was actually from one of the Nordic Countries. Norway, perhaps? Was he a Viking?

At that moment, the giant turned his head and noticed Tae-Kyung staring.

"..."

"..."

Tae-Kyung carefully opened his mouth. [English] "I'm fine, thank you. And you?"

"Huh...?"

That wasn't how to say it. What were the words again? His mind had gone blank. The last time Tae-Kyung had studied English he was in elementary school. He dimly recalled a workbook covered in red pen and being so nervous that he couldn't speak.

"Oh!" Tae-Kyung brightened. [English] "Where are you from?"

"Fuck you. What are you doing?"

"Oh, sorry!"

"Are you trying to start a fight, fuck-face?"

Sensing the sudden sparks of conflict, all eyes turned to the two warriors.

Even as Tae-Kyung was opening his mouth to reply, the judge shouted, "If you cause any trouble, you'll both be disqualified!"

Norway grinned. A raw power seemed to emanate from his body, the energy of a hunter and a killer.

-- I will make you regret that.

Sound Transmission? Tae-Kyung frowned at the ugly words. [But why? Did I actually say something wrong?]

Lowering his head, he started walking in the direction indicated by the official. There was a derisive snort behind him, but Tae-Kyung pretended not to hear it. [The Viking looks pretty strong.] The thought of meeting such a mighty warrior so early in the competition made Tae-Kyung's heart thump again. If the preliminaries were like this, the finals might include some real monsters. [As expected, the world is wide.]

Walking to the first test, Tae-Kyung could not forget the Fire King's warning: win or die.

***

"We'll begin by evaluating unarmed power."

The judge stood before an unknown cliff. Without needing to ask, Tae-Kyung knew at once how they would be screened.

"Argh!"

One poor fool dropped to the ground, screaming and clutching his broken wrist.

The judge sighed and snapped one of the bamboo tickets. "Jang Yu of the Butterfly Clan, eliminated. Next!"

As the injured warrior limped away, another stepped up and threw a punch at the cliff. It was clear to Tae-Kyung that this man was at least First Rate, even before he struck. His fist connected with considerable force, smashing a distinct mark into the rock and soil of the cliff.

After measuring its depth and breadth, the official nodded. "The Priest of Sodang Gate, passed. Next!"

Warrior after warrior was cruelly tested. Those who passed were sent to wait at one side, while those who were injured or failed to show sufficient strength were eliminated.

"Next." The judge selected another bamboo ticket from the basket. Unfurling the paper strip inside, he looked up and said, "Jin Tae-Kyung of the Jin Family of Taiyuan."

All eyes turned to look.

*Ding!

-The quest, [Convocation of the Stars], has been created.