In decades past, the murim factions of the Central Plains lived in a state of constant flux, with ancient feuds and political machinations. 

Then, everything changed when the Demonic Cult attacked. The provinces of Qinghai, Gansu and Sichuan fell in just four months to the brutal religion that called itself the Heavenly Demon Divine Cult (天魔神敎). In response, a gathering was called with the leaders of many political factions, including the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, and even the giants of the Vagabonds and the Dark League, like the Yangtze River Channel Alliance and the Green Forest League.

At the centre of it all was one man. The God of War (武神). A consummate master known as 'the best in the world', an invincible warrior who didn't belong to any of the camps.

Under his leadership, the political factions, the criminal sects and the independent groups put aside their age old conflicts and unified under a single flag. This was the birth of the Murim Alliance (武林盟).

Ten years later, after the terrible war had ended, the God of War disappeared and the Murim Alliance crumbled. Only the places where the heroes stayed remained.

"Ugh, damn."

The man rubbed one calloused hand over his face. The line in front of the tourney structures was ridiculously long. They hadn't even got inside and it was already crazy. Just thinking about how crowded it would be made him want to die. Perhaps it would have been better if he hadn't drunk so much the night before.

"Darling, why don't we just take a walk around the market, instead?"

His wife shook her head at his earnest whisper. "No! You know how much he's looking forward to this. He's been begging me for three days, ever since the championship got here."

"He'll be fine! We'll go round the streets, grab him some candied fruit or something, he'll forget all about it. What's so great about martial arts anywa..."

The words trailed off as the child in his wife's arms began to stir. Big, beautiful eyes opened. How long had he been listening? "Dad, aren't we going to see the stars?"

[Damn.]

"No, son, it's not like that... No! Don't cry!"

But it was too late.

"Now listen to daddy for a moment..." 

[Gods, he's so loud!]

Some time later, his son had stopped crying. One grubby hand clutched a bag of sweets, the other waved a wooden doll.

"Damn!" The man grumbled under his breath. "Those gangsters. How can a piece of wood be so expensive?" Still, he was a good parent. The smiling face of his child softened the hurt a little. "Do you like it that much, my boy?"

"Yes!"

"What's his name?" he asked, pointing to the doll.

"Jin Tae-Kyung! The Sleeping Dragon is the best, daddy!"

"Jin Tae-Kyung? Sleeping Dragon? Is that what the woodcarver called him? That's a good name, isn't it?"

"Dad, don't you know Jin Tae-Kyung?"

"Of course I know! There's nothing your dad doesn't know!"

"I know!" said the boy, crouching nearby to walk the wooden figure on the ground

Parents should never lose their dignity to something like a doll. Sneakily, so that his child wouldn't see, the man leaned over to his wife. "Darling, who's Jin Tae-Kyung? Do you know who he's talking about?"

An eyebrow lifted. That was never a good sign. "Do you seriously not know?" she whispered. "We've come to see his duel today. Hyuk has been talking about it all day. He's won three matches in a row. Hyuk has been so excited! Why isn't his father paying attention to what he's interested in? I don't kn..."

Eyes glazing over during the nagging that followed, the man couldn't help but think: [I don't know who you are, Sleeping Dragon, but I hope you lose today!]

***

The steel sang, cutting a shining arc faster than an arrow and more agile than a snake. Sword Qi left a trail of bright crimson light in its wake.

Tae-Kyung felt serene as he ducked under the sword, so close that he could feel the wind on his neck.

Blue flames swirled around him as he drew back his fist.

Time seemed to slow. Flame Qi roared from his dantian.

In that moment, he saw the light reflected in his opponent's eyes, saw the muscles in his face start to contort into a grimace as his sword harmlessly sliced the air.

Tae-Kyung rose, clenched fist aflame and unleashed the power of the Extinguishing Flame Divine Fist. "Shoryuken!"

A shockwave exploded from the impact and rumbled around the arena. Clouds of stone dust were lifted from the ground, set ablaze by the consuming flame. Flying through the centre of the burning cloud was a man. 

Moments later, the swordsman struck the ground. But he was not done, rolling back to stand on unsteady legs. Somehow he'd managed to get his blade in between himself and the fist; the metal had shattered and now he gripped only a broken hilt. His face was white from dust and shock. The warrior stared, wide-eyed, blood on his lips. "How?"

Tae-Kyung smiled. "Watch..."

A sharp crack. The slabs beneath his fractured into a cobweb of cracks as he kicked into a run. Across the arena, the other competitor dropped his broken sword and reached for a secondary blade. A lifetime of training had given him incredible speed.

But he was too slow.

Through the howling winds, a blazing palm stretched out, almost too fast to see.

A cry vomited from the swordsman's mouth: "I yield!"

The palm stopped, almost touching his nose. Hair fluttering from the wind pressure, tunic turned to charcoal, the hero stumbled backwards and fell off the stage.

"The fourth win for the Sleeping Dragon!" yelled the referee.

Cheers erupted from all sides of the stadium, thousands of people leaping to their feet in jubilation. Flowers and gifts rained down into the arena from the stands.

"Yeaaahhhh!" "Shanxi! Shanxi! Shanxi!" "Sleeping Dragon, I love youuuu!" "Dad! I can't see! Dad, lift me up!" "You are the freaking best, man! I bought a figure of you for my son!"

In Luoyang, it wasn't only murim who filled the stands. A colossal number of civilians had come to see the Convocation of the Stars, from Luoyang itself, from across Henan and even from more distant provinces.

Waving back to a boy who was sitting on his excited father's shoulders, Tae-Kyung smiled and headed down from the stage.

*Ding!

-You have won the match against [Heuk Soo-Pyo]!  
-Everyone who witnessed this overwhelming victory showers you with praise!  
-Your reputation has risen by 500!  
-Your reputation has risen by 430!  
-Your reputation...

As he left the stage, a figure landed lightly nearby, pristine robes fluttering.

"Oh! What's this dust on your jade body (옥체 -- Korean: archaic, the body of a king, healthy)? Let me wipe it off."

[This kid is here again...]

No matter how many times he told them not to come, they didn't listen.

Snatching a towel from the newcomer, Tae-Kyung said, "If you insist on coming here, can you try to be a bit more normal about it."

Baek-Woo, the Kunlun Cloud Dragon, pulled a face. "It's the Eight Eclipses of the Cloud Dragon, the solar term of the Kunlun Sect. Please try to remember the name..."

"Sure, but how sorry would your master feel if he saw you delivering towels during the Kunlun festival? I'm sure he's watching from the VIP seats."

"He told me to be friendly with you."

"..."

"I heard that the honoured lord, Fire King Jeok Cheon-Gang, once saved Master's life..."

From the day they had arrived, Baek-Woo had been exceptionally friendly. It seemed that he had rushed to tell his master that he'd been successfully counterattacked. In addition, witnessing the last four matches that Tae-Kyung had won must have made him realise that his own skills, as well as those of the other two idiots, were inferior to those of the Sleeping Dragon.

"The Eighteen Palms of the Dragon is one of the five best martial arts under heaven."

"Yes, but you've only learned it to five stars."

"Correct."

"That's why you've come here with that?"

"That's right, Jin hyung."

Gung Gi-Bang had approached from the side, carrying a bowl of washing water. Hiding his surprise, Tae-Kyung thanked the Beggar Prince and washed his face, then took a towel from the Kunlun Cloud Dragon. If anyone had been watching, they would have wondered what had happened to make Three Ner...

"Wait. Where's Gyun-a?"

It seemed strange that the young guy wasn't around, finding some way to relate everything to his illustrious ancestors.

"Young Master Zhuge went to take part in a match."

"Oh, I didn't notice."

With five hundred competitors, each duel was performed sequentially in a number of sites around the city. By the end of the third day, there would be about thirty people remaining.

[A lot more have been injured than I expected.]

All of the finalists were talented masters. That meant that some degree of injury was almost unavoidable. After the end of several fierce battles, even the winners had been forced to withdraw.

[That makes me unique.]

He had won a total of four victories, all of which had ended swiftly. The longest took about two hundred seconds, but that was mainly because he wanted to experience the unique martial arts of his opponent. Actually, that fight had reinforced the value of participating in the tournament. Tae-Kyung had already seen several warriors who had a deeper understanding of their martial arts than he did.

[If I'd stayed in the BBQ Chamber, I wouldn't have had this kind of experience.]

His gaze automatically lifted to the seat of honour. Jeok Cheon-Gang was sitting on the throne, struggling to hide his satisfaction. In contrast, Jin Wi-Kyung wasn't showing any restraint. His love and joy radiated across the stands. Beside him sat a familiar figure.

"Oh, he's here again today."

"Who do you mean?" "Who?"

"Song-Ho, the Thousand-Faced Fox. He comes every day." Tae-Kyung looked across as Baek-Woo and Gung Gi-Bang hesitated. "Do you know anything about him? Is he a great person?"

"Lord Song?" "Are you talking about the Thousand-Faced Fox?" The nerds glanced at each other then back at Tae-Kyung, lowering their voices. "Of course he's a great person. Maybe I should say he's a terrifying person?" "The murim Shadow Court (隱影閣 -- Chinese: Invisible Shadow Court) once had access to intelligence that was comparable to, or even better than, the government."

"Shadow Court?"

The Beggar Prince nodded. "I heard that he was very influential during the Great War. Lord Song was known as a very effective Head of the Shadow Court."

Would that be something like the Director of the FBI? If a member of the Beggar Sect made remarks like that, the intelligence capabilities of the Shadow Court must have been considerable. That said, Gi-Bang had used the past tense.

[The retired head of a secret intelligence organisation, huh...]

It was at that moment that Song-Ho rose from his seat and disappeared out of sight. As Tae-Kyung watched him move away, the roar of the crowd reached a crescendo.

"Wow!" "Incredible!" "The Eternal Sword has won again!" "Did you see that?"

Following the shouts, Tae-Kyung turned his head and saw Jongli Chu walking down the stairs. He was wearing rags and breathing heavily, his whole body glistening with sweat.

Beside him, Tae-Kyung heard the nerds: "Eternal Sword? Who named him? He's very good." "I've heard him called the Flourishing Sword. Makes sense, he's thriving."

The name 'Eternal Sword' had been given to him because, although he'd won every duel so far, it was always by the skin of his teeth.

In honesty, Tae-Kyung hadn't expected the warrior from Yunnan to get so far. [He must have some skills... besides, how do you fight an eternal sword? Maybe we can meet in an arena later.]

In the three days since arriving, he had seen very little of Jongli Chu, although they had made small talk on the few occasions they had run into each other. If their next real meeting was in a championship duel, it might seem a little unfair.

"Thank you both," said Tae-Kyung, handing a towel to Baek-Woo and the bowl to Gi-Bang. "I'm going to watch Gyun-a's match." The Convocation was an unparalleled opportunity to broaden his knowledge of martial arts through observation. Zhuge Gyun had learned an unusual method using a fan. That had to be worth seeing. Tae-Kyung stopped and glanced back at the nerds. "Remind me. Who's he fighting?"

***

[Invincible God Sword (無敵神劍).]

Zhuge Gyun took a deep breath. The first time he'd heard his opponent's nickname, he'd laughed. It sounded like something a child would invent — far too grandiose for an unknown mercenary. But...

[Why is he unknown?]

The fan fluttered in his grip, as his hand trembled. His legs felt weak, about to give way at any moment. Gyun was a master analyst with superhuman cognitive and perceptive skills, yet each movement of the sword was too fast to see properly. Even defending himself was taking everything he had; his Qi had long since been depleted.

One of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes reduced to this state? The Invincible God Sword should have been a little tired, but he looked fresh and calm. No, he looked excited.

"Wow!" he exclaimed, with an innocence at odds with his name. "This is the first time I've seen someone who uses this fighting style! Do you have anything else to show me?"

Seeing the bright smile beneath the rim of the bamboo hat, Zhuge Gyun knew that his opponent could fight all day and enjoy it. Bowing his head, he dropped his fan in surrender.

[Actually, he's been named well. No one will beat him...]