The man looked down at the mirrored blade of his sword. A middle-aged face stared back, a reflection with sharp features, thin lips and greying hair.

"You have trouble waiting," he said, after some time. His low, powerful voice echoed around the empty room.

Moments later, a whisper floated down from the ceiling. "It's my duty, lord."

Almost imperceptible, the voice belonged to one of the Puppeteers (秘線 -- Chinese: Secret Line), the hidden order of spies that had served his family for centuries. They swore absolute loyalty to only one person, the Family Head, moving behind the scenes to execute his will. The shadows were numerous and constantly vigilant, ensuring that information was gathered, quietly forgotten or used to strangle enemies of the House. 

"So. You have news?"

"I do, lord. Heaven class."

All of the information delivered by the Puppeteers was categorised in terms of seriousness into one of three classes: Heaven, Earth or Human. In twenty years of leading his family, very few reports had been deemed Heaven class.

"It's been a while," the swordsman said, his strong fingers stroking the blade. "This is the first time since the Huangshan faction, isn't it?" Once a famous, long-standing school in Anhui, the Yellow Mountain Faction was slowly fading from popular memory. Murim was a cruel world that did not look back upon the fallen, and the Family Head had culled them and eaten their bodies. "It will be a long time before the seal on their gates is lifted."

"Yes, lord. The Yellow Mountain Faction has collapsed. Even if the seal is lifted, it may not be able to recover."

"If?"

"...Yes. The Lord of the Mountain has returned."

The fingertips caressing the sword stopped abruptly. "You're sure?"

"I'm certain of it, lord."

Lord of the Mountain. There were many mountains in the world, with many more who claimed ownership of them. However, in Anhui, that title could refer to only one man.

[Jeok Cheon-Gang. The Fire King.]

An unparalleled master who had defeated a thousand murim warriors alone. Mount Jiuhua in the Huangshan range was his domain. It had been the sacred ground of the Flame Clan since time immemorial. On the day the Demonic Faction cultists set fire to the mountain, they woke an old man who carved a legacy in blood and fire. From that day, the people of Anhui had honoured him, calling him the Lord of the Mountain.

"When and where did you hear this news?"

"A report says that he passed through the North Gate at two o'clock."

"And where is he heading?"

"Mount Jiuhua, lord."

His sword still on his lap, the Family Head nodded slowly. He felt strange. In the many years since he had risen to rule over his House, he had received thousands of reports and opinions from the Puppeteers without saying a word. But it was different this time.

Sensing his master's doubt, the hidden speaker said, "He's travelling with his disciple. It's only natural that he'd be heading to the temple."

"Disciple?" The swordsman frowned. The Flame Clan was a single student tradition. Wasn't there only one disciple of the King of Fire? "Has that cruel bastard returned?"

"Trust me, lord. It has been confirmed that the man who called himself Jo-Pil died three months ago." After a short pause, the whisper continued. "His new disciple is Jin Tae-Kyung, twenty-one years old, the third son of the Jin Family of Taiyuan in Shanxi." 

"I don't think I've heard the name or family before."

"He's the descendent of the Blade of Flowers, who played an important role in the Great War, and the younger brother of Jin Mu-Kyung, the Heavenly Blade, one of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes."

"Oh, they're names of quality."

"They are, lord."

Deep in thought, the Family Head seemed to forget the existence of his hidden spymaster. Jin Tae-Kyung of the Jin Family of Taiyuan, the new disciple of the Fire King, Jeok Cheon-Gang. It was a strange name, but he would have to get used to it. [The crude bloodline of a small frontier family has been chosen by the King of Fire.] A young man who had already undertaken martial training would never be accepted as a disciple without good reason. [Either he caught the Fire King in a moment of weakness or he's talented enough for the old master to overlook his age.]

A considerable time passed as he sat quietly, mulling over the possible repercussions of this news. "Gather your network," he said, at last. The Puppeteers had countless informants at their disposal, bringing information from all corners of the earth.

"Everyone?" The whisper sounded surprised. This order would focus the Family's entire Intelligence Network on a single individual. After a moment of surprise, the voice spoke again. "Apologies, lord. I spoke out of turn."

"It's of no consequence. You have one month. Find out everything there is to know about this disciple."

"It will be done."

"I'll be busy in the meantime."

Recognising the hidden meaning of his words, the spymaster vanished without a trace.

The Silver Shroud Technique (隱形術 -- Chinese: Invisibility) at the summit of the Peak. The man would give himself a fortnight, with no opportunity to rest. There was no more time for play.

His mind made up, he rose slowly from his seat. Unlike his father, who was a martial artist to his core, the Family Head had been born with the blood of a leader. Crossing the hall and ornamental garden, he threw open the great gold gates. Dozens of warriors arrayed before the entrance dropped to one knee. The air trembled as they shouted with one voice. "Hail, lord!" Each and every one of them was an outstanding swordsman and a blood relative. A gigantic group gathered under the name Namgoong, one of the Five Great Families, standing like a giant tree with roots that spread across the world.

"Gather your brothers," said the Family Head, Namgoong Ryong. "We should share a drink."

"Yes, lord!"

Pondering what fate would bring, he looked up at the sky (蒼天 -- Chinese: God Sky, meaning Fate). It was an endless expanse of blue, without a cloud in sight.

***

Tae-Kyung wore the most serious expression in the world. "I have a wish that I've cherished for a long time."

"This old man has a wish, too," said Cheon-Gang.

"Uh, if you don't mind I'll go first?"

"Oh, excuse me."

"Sure," said Tae-Kyung, "but just this once."

"Ah, your wish is for me to kick your ass, I take it?"

If his mother had witnessed the scene, she would have fainted. "Please, listen to me this once."

"I'm just playing with you, boy. I'm listening."

Mouth dry with nerves, Tae-Kyung said, "Can we take a break?"

"Is that your wish? Then let me tell you mine, you'll love it." Cheon-Gang's eyes burned like coals. "It's that you shut up and follow me."

"But..."

"You said you wanted to train, right? Why are you complaining all of a sudden?"

"It's just that we're going to be stuck in the mountains for half a year. Let's have one final feast and bath! Please!" 

His cry echoed in the darkness, as Mount Jiuhua of Anhui Province loomed above them like a vast black giant.

"Seven days from Shanxi to Henan! Then seven more to reach Anhui!"

At least they'd slept a little in Henan. But they hadn't stopped since leaving Hong Dao's home in the Songshan Mountains. The old man had driven him like a man possessed. They'd run and run, walked while chewing jerky, then run again.

"We could at least have eaten at the Shaolin Temple Barbecue!"

In the last fifteen days, their only real meal had been in Luoyang. "Even at the inn, grandfather ate both duck legs and most of the best bits!"

He'd only managed to grab a few scraps of meat before gangsters had interrupted their meal, then the Gym Bro Monk had shown up and taken them to the Shaolin Temple.

"When I suggested going to an inn, what did grandfather say? Go and rest, we're almost there!"

"You had some rest." Chuckling, Cheon-Gang cleaned his ear with his little finger. "At the top of the mountain, you can eat, shower and sleep to your heart's content."

"But eating jerky, bathing in rivers and sleeping in the forest!"

Laughter dying in his throat, Cheon-Gang darkened. "This is why I don't like spoilt children. But, you're right. Half a day of rest is all you're getting before I squeeze every drop of potential out of you. It's going to be a year of training harder than any other man alive."

"Ah, you're the devil!"

"What did you just call me? Looks like the training will need to be even harder!"

"Wait, no need for a break, I'll come!"

Cheon-Gang spread wrinkled hands. "You're welcome to come, but not to leave!"

An incredible surge of Qi crushed Tae-Kyung and held him tightly. His physical ability was close to superhuman and his internal energies had grown beyond recognition, but he was powerless before the might of the Fire King. His limbs flailed helplessly as he floated into the air.

"Come here," said Cheon-Gang and Tae-Kyung sped into his grasp. Wrinkled fingers burrowed into his neck, a sharp pain, then an ominous sound rang in his ear.

*Ding!

-You have been affected by [Blood Point].  
-[Transfusion] will induce sleep.  
-Sleep beginning in 5, 4, 3... 

As a wave of drowsiness washed over him, he heard the distant voice of his master. "Today, you can sleep for two hours."

'Thank you.' Tae-Kyung tried to form the words, but he was already fast asleep.

***

"You're strong, boy," said Cheon-Gang, examining the snoring youth.

The effects of the Blood Point Technique varied depending on the target, so he needed to be careful. Harming him would be shameful, especially as he knew who Tae-Kyung was.

"It seems like only yesterday we met in Shanxi Province, boy, but we're already come far. You're a strange guy."

As he gave a deep sigh, his eyes blurred and his legs went weak. Gasping, head spinning, he barely had time to grab onto a nearby tree before his legs gave way.

His heart pounded, yet his skin felt clammy. "This..."

Had he used too much power at once? Or had the arduous journey been too much for his ancient body? He clenched his teeth. His heyday had passed, but he was still a transcendental master.

[I must hurry. I don't have much time.]

Perhaps it was for this reason that his friend, Hong Dao, had told him to set off immediately.

Recovering his breath, the old man picked up Tae-Kyung and threw him over one shoulder. The boy was large and dense with muscle, but he felt light as a feather to Cheon-Gang.

"Not yet," the old man murmured, turning to face the mountain. "Not yet."

Paths and rocky slopes and dense forest glades passed by in a single blurring step. Behind him, a thick fog rolled in, erasing every trace that they had been there, as the mountain welcomed its lord home.