The underground confines of the Sichuan Tang Family were a study in shadow and moisture.

Flickering torches, few and far between, shed a glow barely more luminous than fireflies, while the ground, awash with unidentifiable stagnant water, squelched underfoot.

Squelch, squelch.

"What a foul smell. To think they lock people up in a place like this, even if it is a prison."

"People? This is a place where animals are raised. Haven't you heard that the Tang Family of Sichuan captured the Demon Heads during the Great Faction War and subjected them to all kinds of torture? So, having such a place shouldn't be surprising."

Squelch, squelch.

The sound of footsteps suggested a group, yet only two voices carried through the darkness.

Employing Qi to sharpen my hearing, I tallied their number.

'Fifteen.'

The two men at the forefront, presumed to be the leaders of the group, continued their conversation.

"But it's strange, isn't it? There are no prisoners in sight. Just empty cells."

"Those who were locked up here are all old monsters from the era of the Great Faction War, so it wouldn't be strange if they had already died. Especially after being tortured for such a long time."

"That makes sense."

Their speculation was partially correct.

Indeed, many of the original detainees had died, but a handful of prisoners still lingered.

However, they couldn't have known that someone had used pressure point sealing to move the prisoners elsewhere. \[Note: in many Wuxia/Murim stories, there is a trope that the human body consists of many pressure points, and depending on which one you seal, you can deliberately restrict their movement or bodily functions. An example of this is when the Fire King sealed the MC's pressure points such that he couldn't talk or move when he was opening the MC's meridians in manhwa chapter 134. So essentially, the MC made it so that the prisoners couldn't move or talk and relocated them elsewhere. As savage as the MC has become, I'm surprised he didn't just kill them for the XP. Our boy still has some humanity left in him.\]

"Not a single person in sight. Wouldn't it be better to go up and kill more?"

"We haven't even gone halfway yet."

"Now that you mention it, what could possibly be deeper inside? The others are bound to come and search every nook and cranny anyway."

"Don't be absurd. Have you forgotten the command bestowed by the Heavenly Lord? If there's even a chance that someone of the Tang Family is hiding here..."

"Unless they're incredibly stupid, there's no reason for anyone to hide in an underground prison. The battle isn't even over yet. Why hide here? They might as well attempt to break through the siege and escape."

"Hmm..."

The man murmured in a low voice, then spoke up with firmness.

"You heathen. We are bodies that serve the solemn command of the Heavenly Lord. Do you plan to handle this carelessly while the Western Heavenly Demon Lord is here?"

"Damn it."

"Stop complaining and just follow."

The member of Dark Heaven was unaware that his fate was sealed with those words.

At his resolute tone, the other man grumbled.

"Seriously. People need to be flexible. If you keep being so stubborn, you'll die without achieving anything."

"Such unlucky talk. I'll live longer than someone who always lives carelessly like you, so don't worry."

"Want to bet?"

"Sure, why not..."

Their grim wager on their longevity concluded with the more careless of the two claiming victory.

Of course, he only won by a fraction of a second.

Swish!

My ambush was flawlessly executed.

Lurking within the labyrinthine passageways, I melded with the shadows.

My left hand's dagger found its home in an adversary's eye, while my right-hand's sword, its gleam obscured by mud, cleaved through sinew and skull with grim precision.

Scrape, squelch!

The two Peak Masters fell silently, their bodies yielding to gravity like decayed timber.

The black-clothed survivors, marred with the carnage of battle and muddy water, oscillated their gaze between their fallen leaders and myself, their expressions a devoid of comprehension.

"W-what is this..."

Thirteen left.

Without uttering a word, my sword danced once more. Its cold steel parted flesh with ease, and a head soared through the air.

"Now twelve."

"...!"

A flicker of realization dawned in their vacant stares.

Fear had taken hold.

\* \* \*

"Dead end, huh? The structure here is really messed up. It's designed this way in case someone tries to escape."

"Eek!"

I moved toward the rat cornered in the alley.

Of course, calling him a rat was a bit of an exaggeration given his size. Yet, for all his bulk, he was more frightened than any of the others, as he ran away the fastest.

"Come on, you can follow your friends to hell."

"Ah, you're a demon!"

"Bastard. When you do it, it's romance, but when I do it, it's adultery?" \[Note: this is a modern Korean idiom used to describe double standards.\]

Thud.

The black-clothed man, his face pale as death, fell to his knees. He still held a weapon in his hand, but he already knew it would be of no use against me.

Faced with the inevitable, his final recourse was to plead for mercy.

"S-spare me..."

"Fuck you."

Crack.

With unflinching resolve, I ended the life of the black-clothed man. His head was grotesquely twisted and his tongue protruded.

"These bastards keep trying to run. Don't they know that this is a prison? Of course they won't get far."

Exhaling a weary sigh, I hoisted the corpse onto my shoulder, retracing my steps. The journey back to the site of the initial ambush was swift.

After all, the man in black didn't run far, and I had become familiar with the labyrinth-like structure of the underground prison over the last ten days.

"Damned bastards. Thinking there's something worth scavenging to crawl all the way here."

This marked the second incursion by the men in black into the subterranean prison.

About thirty minutes ago, seven men in black had invaded, and I had killed each one.

Helping the Tang Family of Sichuan reduce the number of enemies wasn't enjoyable, though, because I knew what their invasion implied.

'The tide of the battle has turned unfavorable.'

The prison's location on the fringes of the Tang Family's inner sanctum indicated that the outer defenses, the initial line of resistance, had been compromised.

'Then, perhaps Cheong Pung too...'

Suddenly, a foreboding thought crossed my mind, and I shook my head.

No way. Cheong Pung is someone who would return alive even if dropped in the middle of hell.

He must return.

'Damn it, if I could just log out, I could think of some way out of this.'

As expected, the system had blocked the logout function at the start of the quest.

Moreover, even if I could log out right now, I can't hastily return.

There had been two invasions in the span of thirty minutes.

If the men in black attacked while I briefly returned to the modern era... it would be the end for me, Jeok Cheon-Gang, and the Divine Doctor.

'I have no choice but to stop them here.'

There are many of them, and I am alone.

Thus, just like before, I must make the most of the element of surprise and conserve my strength for any unforeseen circumstances.

'If they come in and see corpses scattered everywhere, I'll be in trouble.'

I commenced the grim task of relocating the fallen, congregating them in a temporary morgue.

I had chosen the deepest and darkest part of the underground prison for their resting place.

Creeeak.

"That took some time. Has it been about the span of a mealtime since I last saw you?" \[Note: this is the MC speaking.\]

"..."

"I brought some newcomers so you wouldn't be lonely."

We were in the heart of the prison, cloaked in utter darkness.

A figure burdened with shackles, the Heavenly Force Demon, fixed a fiery gaze upon me.

"What?"

"…!"

"What are you going to do by glaring at me like that? If you have something to say, say it."

"…!!"

"Ah, right. Pressure point sealing."

His speech was hindered by my sealing of his pressure points.

Approaching to lift the seal, his voice, once freed, erupted in indignation.

"What on earth are you doing now!"

"Can't you see? I'm moving bodies."

"Why are you moving those bodies here?!"

"Don't shout. If you raise your voice again, I'll seal not just the pressure points but the life points as well."

"…!"

Now he's quiet.

I turned my back on the now-silent Heavenly Force Demon, proceeding to orderly arrange the bodies I had transported into the prison.

Thud.

"Could you pick up that fallen head over there?"

"…Are you speaking to me?"

"Ah, right. You're in restraints."

"Huff, puff."

The Heavenly Force Demon, his complexion a shade of red, seemed to wrestle with his temper and narrowly restrained a burgeoning outburst.

"What kind of monster are you…"

"I'm done cleaning up. I'm leaving."

"…!"

"Why, got something to say?"

The Heavenly Force Demon had been silent no matter how much he was provoked over the past few days.

Having witnessed a lifetime's worth of carnage throughout the Great Faction War, he shouldn't be disturbed over a few corpses. But yet, the Heavenly Force Demon stuttered in response.

"N-no."

"Then that's settled."

"Wait, just a moment. Wait."

"This is the last time. If you have something to say, say it quickly."

The Heavenly Force Demon, his lips trembling, exhaled deeply before speaking.

"Why did you leave only me here? Where are the other prisoners?"

"I don't need to tell you that."

"Then what are these bodies?"

He posed the question nonchalantly, yet his covert glances betrayed a keen interest.

For years, the only souls to traverse these depths were the torturers and their grim tools, rendering the sudden presence of nearly twenty naked cadavers a jarring anomaly. \[Note: I'm not sure what the purpose of having them naked is, but he must have a good reason to be stripping their clothes off... I hope.\]

"Has something happened to the Tang Family?"

"Yes."

I added briefly.

"Dark Heaven has invaded."

"…!"

His reaction mirrored the shock I'd observed days prior.

Undeterred by the Heavenly Force Demon's stunned silence at the mention of Dark Heaven, I pressed on.

"The outer court has already been breached, and fierce battles are ongoing in the inner court. The situation is turning out to be more unfavorable than expected."

"Who did you say was here?"

"What?"

"You must have interrogated the prisoners. I'm asking who is leading them."

"You're quite sharp."

True, I had ensnared one among the initial seven invaders.

He was terrified and ended up taking his own life before giving away much information... but I did learn the moniker of one person.

"Western Heavenly Demon Lord."

Chrrk! Clang!

Just four words.

But the impact they had on the Heavenly Force Demon was immense.

He, who usualy hung limply from his chains, now pulled at them as if trying to break free.

He glared at me with bloodshot eyes.

"Did you say...the Western Heavenly Demon Lord?"

"It seems you know him."

"How is that bastard still alive? Then what about the Church Leader! How is the Church Leader faring!"

The sudden fervor of the old man took me aback.

In a mix of confusion and annoyance, I responded.

"…Perhaps he's having breakfast right now."

I've never even heard of the Western Heavenly Demon Lord before, how would I know how the Demonic Cult's leader is doing. It's not like they have an official Twitter or anything.

"So, it has finally come to this. Ha, ha, ha!"

His laughter, unhinged and devoid of clarity, resonated through the dimness.

Observing the Heavenly Force Demon's descent into madness, I felt compelled to interject.

"Spill it. What's the relationship between the Demonic Cult and Dark Heaven? What kind of bastard is the Western Heavenly Demon Lord?"

The maniacal laughter that had filled the air ceased abruptly. He turned his hollow gaze upon me.

"He, the one you call the Western Heavenly Demon Lord, was one of the four envoys of our Church. He was closest to the Church Leader, seducing and misleading him." \[Note: the direct translation of the position used here is a teacher of the Church, so I decided to use the word envoy as it carries the same meaning.\]

"So then…"

"One day, he declared himself as the Western Heavenly Demon Lord. That was the beginning of everything. And so, it has come to this. Ha, ha, ha!"

As the Heavenly Force Demon succumbed to his delirium, his laughter echoed.

Boom!

Suddenly, the underground prison trembled as a distant rumble sounded.