Unlike Cheon-Gang, who was short of stature, Hong Dao was a tall old man. Despite his great age, his eyes twinkled with mischief and his footsteps were firm and strong.

[But where is he taking us?]

It was natural to ask such a question, especially after they left the well-worn road, following the Abbot along narrow mountain trails, over rickety bridges and through dense thickets of ancient trees. 

At last, Hong Dao stopped. "This is a precious place for such shabby guests, but we'll endure. You are welcome; come in."

Looking around at the 'precious place', Cheon-Gang said, "Have you been kicked out of the Temple?"

"Huh? Why would you ask that?"

"Are you serious? Look at this place."

Nestled among wild trees and shrubs, overrun with weeds, the buildings seemed far too run down for the home of his Divine Holiness, the Abbot of Shaolin.

"You're still the Head of the Temple, right?"

[Honestly, more like a store manager. Still, most of my life I've been grinding monsters. Who am I to criticise!]

"Have you ever seen such a narrow-minded guy?" Hong Dao laughed merrily. "We aren't so formal in Shaolin. Wherever I am is the heart of the Temple. Isn't that right, Nameless?"

The young monk shook his head. "He's ignoring the vinaya by staying here."

Chuckling, his master produced a short rod, embedded with a weird stone. "What's special about them? I do what I want." Wherever the sceptre touched, a pale green glow blossomed into life, emitting an otherworldly energy. "It's the Jade Khakkhara (綠⽟佛杖 -- Chinese: Green Jade Buddha Staff)," said Hong Dao, answering his unspoken question. "Passed down from abbot to abbot over millennia."

Cheon-Gang clicked his tongue. "The Shaolin Temple works well."

"Better than the Flame Clan," Hong Dao agreed. "We have more than one student."

"What!"

"Oh, still such a fiery temper. I pray that you're reborn as someone calmer in the next world."

"Why are we talking about my death when you're still alive?"

"Amitabha Buddha, the corpse is talking!"

"Cheeky punk!"

As the old men entered the temple hall, Nameless smiled. "It's wonderful to reunite with your best friend."

"Sure, but how the hell did they get close?"

The eccentric master of the Shaolin and foul-tempered Lord of the Flame Clan. How could they be friends when killing was forbidden in Buddhism?

Nameless struck his forehead. "Ah yes, it was during the first Convocation of the Stars. After master was caught secretly drinking and eating meat, they became drinking buddies!"

Had his ears deceived him? "They shared alcohol and meat?"

"Yes."

"While he was Abbot?"

"That's right."

"Oh, so the monks here eat meat. I suppose you need the protein for bulking..."

"No! In Buddhism, all killing is forbidden. Livestock is no exception."

It made no sense. Muscles rippled beneath the monk's robe. No one got a physique like that from wild vegetable bibimbap. [This bastard eats meat, too! This isn't Shaolin Temple, it's Korean BBQ Temple!]

Shaking his head, Tae-Kyung followed them inside.

***

Inside the temple was old, but clean and orderly. Among pillars and alcoves stood many Buddha statues, some small and humble, some grand and regal.

Nameless bowed and left Tae-Kyung sitting with the two Kings, Hong Dao pouring tea for his guests.

"Not to be fussy," said Cheon-Gang, as Tae-Kyung gagged on the bitter brew, "but what is this?"

"Tea leaves. For my health." Hong Dao sighed. "It's been decades already."

Ignoring Tae-Kyung's face, Cheon-Gang said, "Are you sick? You're not dying are you?"

"Maybe yes, maybe no," replied Hong Dao. "I don't know."

The answer seemed innocuous enough, but Cheon-Gang's face hardened. "Do you mean...?"

Hong Dao waved a hand. "Let's talk later." His twinkling eyes turned to Tae-Kyung. "Is this the one touched by Heaven?"

Had the rumours spread so far already? He knew the 'Sleeping Dragon' was becoming famous, but he hadn't expected to be known by the Shaolin. "I'm flattered, but it's an exaggeration."

"Perhaps you're a little deaf? Didn't Nameless tell you that you were chosen?" Hong Dao laughed at his confusion. "Do you know what divine means?"

"Uh. Those who stand out?"

"Good! And?"

"...Divine... Heaven. Celestial... so... Star?"

"That's right." Hong Dao nodded gently. "Nameless has been observing the skies for some time. I've read much from the heavenly energies."

Had Hong Dao guided them by reading the flows of Qi through the heavens? [If that's true, he's no simple fortune teller.]

The atmosphere was strange. "So?"

"Divinities are like fireworks. They light up the sky and then fade. But this time, one was different." Hong Dao pointed across the misty peaks in the direction of Shanxi Province. "A divinity has been born in the north and this one hasn't faded. Instead, as the days pass, it grows brighter." The Dharma King looked with smiling eyes. "Nameless thinks it's you."

Tae-Kyung scratched the back of his head. [Seems a bit much...]

"The star was born four months ago."

His heart pounded in his chest; a rushing noise filled his ears. His body trembled as though electrocuted. Four months ago? That was when he first woke in Murim.

Hong Dao smiled. "You've realised something?"

"N=not at all."

Cheon-Gang shook his head. "It's obvious, you punk!"

"Uh, no it isn't."

"Mind your tongue, boy!"

"What's wrong with you?" Even as the words let his mouth, Tae-Kyung regretted them. His master's eyes seemed to ignite.

"Looks like you're in a hurry!" cried Hong Dao "Apparently I'll see you later!"

Running for the door, Tae-Kyung was followed by shouted threats from one King and loud laughter from the other.

***

"Hahaha!"

"What a punk! Talking like that to his master!"

Looking at his grumbling friend, Hong Dao tilted his head and said, "He's your disciple, then?"

Cheon-Gang flushed and coughed into his fist. "What? No, no, he just begged me to teach him a few things, that's all."

"Is that all?"

"That's all."

"So why are you yelling? You might wake the Buddhas up!" Hong Dao drained his cup and pulled a face. "Ugh! So bitter! Finish yours, too."

"What's the point of drinking something this foul?"

"Well, we need the cup to be empty if we're going to fill it."

"Are you teaching me now?"

"Maybe? I've prepared something for a day like today." With a crafty smirk, Hong Dao stood and went to one of the largest statues. Moving it aside, he produced a small pot and held it up to his guest. "Snake wine. It's been infusing for thirty years with a thousand year old viper (千年毒角蛇 -- Chinese: Thousand Year Venomous Horned Viper). Do you know what this is?"

Cheon-Gang's eyes widened. "Millennium Snake Wine!"

Hong Dao grinned and broke the seal. A horned serpent was tightly coiled within; a potent vapour rose from the jar.

Cheon-Gang coughed and stuck out his tongue. "Damn, that's potent! Where did you get it?"

"I found it while out walking."

"You must have scoured the whole range! There's a limit to what a man should consume. Are you trying to kill yourself?"

"If you don't want any, Nameless will be glad to have your share."

"I didn't say that," grumbled the Fire King. "But this poison isn't a joke."

"It certainly isn't. A single drop would kill a herd of cattle."

"It's been thirty years since you put it in. That's not alcohol any more, it's poison!"

"Yes. It's crazy to even taste it."

The eyes of the two old men met in the air above the jar. They spoke at the same time.

"Then I'll drink it!"

"Me too!"

"Don't tell me I'll die."

"Drink up! I've read the Heavenly Qi; today is not the day we die."

With the recklessness of old men, the ancient masters drank until night fell over the mountain and the jar ran dry.

"The stinging on the tongue is so good, but thanks to my burning friend," Hong Dao said, as Cheon-Gang drained the last drop, "I can't have any more."

Both men stood among the Ten Kings, but there was a subtle difference in skills. Hong Dao hadn't even had half of the liquor; the Geum Nasu (擒拿手) grabbing technique was too effective. "You're a strong old man."

"Did you want me to die?"

"I thought you'd at least roll around holding your stomach."

"Ha!" Cheon-Gang gave a drunken laugh. "It's the will of Heaven."

"Heavenly signs," murmured Hong Dao. "It's a lie."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Literally that. I've been going blind for thirty years."

"Wait. Are you saying you can't read heavenly qi anymore?" Cheon-Gang's heart sank as his friend nodded. "What happened? Is it age?"

"Nameless thought so, but he was wrong. Quitting drinking, resting all day. Nothing works." Sighing, Hong Dao raised his eyes, as though looking at the stars through the temple ceiling. "The heavens are distorted. Everything is shifting, closer, faster. Yet, in the midst of that chaos, I could still see the morning star rising. The pillars of heaven are not easily shaken, however..." An unknown light glimmered in his eyes; he spoke as master of Shaolin, as a sage and gifted astronomer. "A great challenge is coming. Dark clouds will block the sun and obscure Heaven."

Cheon-Gang whispered. "Dark Heaven?"

"Yes, as I sai..."

"No, that's not what I meant. I heard the name from Jin Wi-Kyung, patriarch of the Jin Family of Taiyuan."

"I don't know that name. Did he predict this, too?"

"Not exactly." And Cheon-Gang explained what had happened before they left the Jin Family Estates, of the surviving elders and the plot with Mount Heng Sword Sect, and even of the mysterious power burst pill stolen by Pung Yang of the Crimson Wind Clan. "The ban that the Dark Heaven placed upon the survivors was complicated enough that even I could not easily break it. They are powerful and patient foes. Dark forces controlled the Blade of Flowers from the shadows for decades."

Once the story was over, Hong Dao sat in quiet thought for some time. "Leave now," he said, at last. "Now is the time for us to act independently. Nameless will prepare for these trials with all his might."

Brows furrowed, Cheon-Gang nodded at his friend. "I should stay next to the Divine Star, so that he keeps shining." The Fire King knew that his work did not end there. It was his duty to ensure that the star shone even brighter. There was no more time for delay. "I'll go now."

"I will attend to duties here. I only regret that we could not finish today as we might have wanted."

"Me too, old friend."

Smiling, Cheon-Gang rose and strode purposefully from the temple. It was only later that he remembered that he had wanted to say, 'The meeting was short, but it was fun.'

At midnight, the young man and the old left the Songshan Mountains and, together, walked until the sun rose and set again.