Eyes burning like hot coals, Jeok Cheon-Gang shouted, "You're a disgrace to our tradition!"

"No, I'm not!"

"What do you mean you're not! In the hundreds of years of the Flame Clan's history, no one has ever wanted to grill meat on the Sacred Flame!"

"That's still true! I'm not an official disciple of your tradition, yet," said Tae-Kyung, throwing a bag over his shoulder. "I don't even have a number in the succession."

"Take your bag and go!" shouted the old man, his face flushing red. A moment later, he sighed and lowered his fists. "Rude punk!" This wasn't the first time in the past year that the famed volcanic temper of the Fire King had threatened to erupt.

[Ah, beating the Fire King makes me feel like I've done something great.]

With a final glare at his student, the old man faced the seventeenth urn and bowed deeply. "Your humble disciple, Jeok Cheon-Gang, is leaving now. Please stay strong..."

"Isn't he a saint already?"

"...And I swear to the ancestors that I will make this boy into a man." Standing straight before the urns, Cheon-Gang gave a single nod before turning away. "Come on, let's go, you rude bastard."

"Wait."

Tae-Kyung slowly looked around the vast stone hall that had been his home for a year. There had been times so painful he had wanted to die; there had been times of great happiness; there had even been times he had considered breaking down the gate to escape. But eventually? Eventually, he got used to life in the chamber. There were more good days than bad and now the relentless heat of the blue-white flame was as cosy as home.

"What are you thinking?" said the old man, softly.

How could he reply to that? What words would be sufficient to express the complexity of his emotions right now? After a moment, Tae-Kyung opened his mouth. "I was thinking it would be really delicious if we grilled the meat over there..."

"Bastard!"

Laughing as he dodged the rampaging Fire King, Tae-Kyung sprinted for the exit. As he reached the great stone gate, the Flame Qi sang in his veins and the door that had been firmly sealed opened silently.

*Ding!

-The power of the [Divine Art of Fire] has been confirmed.  
-You are now free to enter and leave the [Chamber of the Divine Flame]!

He owed the Flame Clan a lot for the past year. [Your humble disciple, Jin Tae-Kyung, is leaving now.] And with that, he ran for freedom, iron chains fluttering behind him like ribbons in the wind.

***

Mount Jiuhua had been famous since ancient times for its abundant energies. Along with dense forests and clear rivers, the rich spiritual essence flowing through the mountains meant that many valuable plants, like wild ginseng and Chinese knotweed, could be found on the slopes.

"Today is the day that I find a root, I can feel it!"

Kneeling on a path in the foothills, Hong tightened the straps of his sandals. The middle-aged herbalist had travelled to Anhui from Sichuan in the hopes of finding his fortune, but, despite fifteen days of searching, he had yet to come across anything that made his trip worthwhile. The other herbalists who had accompanied him had already given up, concluding that the young plants remaining in the foothills and middle slopes were withered and useless. Before they left, his colleagues had conceded that valuable ginseng was probably growing further up the mountain, but none were willing to chance an encounter with a being more fearsome than any beast...

The Fire King. Even hardened warriors trembled at the sound of his name. Hong had heard that he had single-handedly slain a thousand Demonic cultists. When Hong had asked how such a thing was possible, he'd been told that the Fire King was a being of formidable power (三頭六臂 -- Chinese: Three Heads Six Arms = asura, but also an idiom for powerful). Still, most locals agreed that it was safe to venture halfway up the mountain.

"Don't be afraid, Hong," he told himself. "You have to do this. You have eight mouths to feed."

To pay for the costs of getting to Anhui, his beloved wife had sold her silver wedding band. How could he return to her empty-handed? Steeling himself, the herbalist began to climb the mountain. The morning passed uneventfully as he climbed, but around two o'clock, he came upon a strange sight.

"Alright, I have to ask. What is pork belly, anyway?"

"Don't you know pork belly? Is it called something different here?"

"You're odd, lad. Where is it that you think you're from that you mention different names every time?"

"I'm from Korea! Do you know kimchi?"

"You're becoming crazier and crazier. Are you having problems with the new technique or something?"

A tall, shaggy-haired monster and a small, white-haired man were approaching on the mountain road. Their conversation was barely comprehensible, but even stranger was the terrible noise that accompanied them: a slithering, clanking sound that gave him goosebumps.

[What is that!]

As the figures neared, Hong realised that the noise was coming from heavy shackles binding the monster's limbs. Iron balls swung and thumped with every step. Even the smallest was the size of a child's head, while the largest would fill a hamper. The sight of such awful objects was surprising and a little frightening to a quiet herbalist like himself, so he couldn't help but stare.

"Huh," said a voice.

Startled, Hong realised that the figures had stopped talking and were staring at him. How had they got so close? The monster was tall and muscular, with a thick beard. Beside him, the old man looked tiny and grey, his blemished face marred by countless wrinkles.

"Hey," said the little old man.

"Y-yes?"

"Where do you think you're going?"

"Um," said Hong, his voice barely a squeak. Something about the pair felt incredibly dangerous. "I'm on my way to gather herbs."

The white-haired elder looked him up and down, then clicked his tongue. "You've wasted your time. Head back down the way you came."

"Wasted my time?" The extraordinary old man had spoken as though he saw all things. Even in the midst of his fear, a spark of courage flared in Hong's heart. His burden was too great to return home empty-handed after two months away. Falling to his knees, he cried, "Please help me! Just this once!"

"Huh? What can I do to help you?"

"The Divine Spirit knows everything!"

"Spirit? What?"

Seeing his look of bewilderment, the monster threw back his head in laughter. "Hahaha! He thinks you're a spirit, grandfather! Didn't you nearly die three months ago when you forgot the rules during Qi meditation?"

Whack!

Hong's faith deepened as a single blow of the old man's fist struck the laughing monster. With one strike, the evil-looking figure smashed through nearby trees and flew out of sight.

The herbalist clasped his hands together. "Divine Spirit! In your mercy, please help me find the precious herbs of Jiuhua Mountain!"

"You're right to respect the elderly, but what do you want me to do when I've picked all of them already?"

"What? What do you mean? Picked them all?"

Hands behind his back, the old man looked at the distant peak. "Ah, the weather is nice today. Huh, why are you looking at me like that?"

Despair flashed across Hong's face. Perhaps the old man was not a benevolent mountain spirit after all. "Are you also a herbalist, sir?"

"Well, for a few days I suppose. It's pretty hard to pull up herbs."

"It's pretty easy to knock people's heads, though, right?" Emerging from the undergrowth, the chain-clad monster brushed dust and bits of broken twigs from his clothing as he returned to the road. His attitude was so nonchalant that it was easy to forget the broken trees behind him.	"As the ancestors said, there's no point feeding precious herbs to ungrateful students, is there?"

"Goddamn..."

"With this kind of care..."

As the old man clenched his fists and power seemed to emanate like heat from a flame, Hong realised what the strange pair must be. "M-m-murim!"

"If you've realised, give up now and go home," said the old man. "Make sure not to spread any false rumours, either."

The long-haired monster nodded seriously. "It's especially important not to go further up the mountain. They say that there's a monster living there called the Fire King, Jeok Cheon-Gang. If he catches you, he'll chew and savour your living flesh before he kills you."

Even the thought of that was terrifying. Hong trembled as he imagined the prospect of such a miserable death. Seeing the old man having a similar reaction, he realised that this Jeok Cheon-Gang must be a powerful asura, precisely as he'd heard.

"OK? You have to remember what I've said."

"Yes," said Hong. It was the only answer that he could give. "Yes, of course."

They had already beaten him to the valuable plants and, besides, his rivals were murim. If he bothered them for any reason, they could take off his head as easily as swatting a fly. With that realisation, his shoulders slumped and he stepped aside to let the two travellers to pass by.

"Oh, wait a minute. Mister, would you like this before we go?"

Looking up, the herbalist froze at the sight of the monster rummaging through his backpack. Moments later, chains rustled as a huge hand withdrew a ginseng root the size of three fingers.

"W-why are you giving this to me?"

"There's nothing else for you to find here and, judging by your age, you must have a family to support. Where are you from?"

"Sir, I'm from Sichuan."

"Oh! Sichuan Province is fun. Great night life. Anyway, since you've come a long way, use this to cover your travel expenses."

The old man, who had been watching silently, tutted loudly. "You cheap punk. Don't brag about giving him something that only costs a few pennies. If you're going to do something, do it properly."

"I'm sorry. That's the only thing left, so what should I do?"

"Are you giving him wild ginseng? That's a pretty paltry gift. Remember, it's people that determine the value of an object."

"Oh, then there was a better way."

[What kind of weird conversation is this?]

As Hong looked from one man to the other in confusion, the monster suddenly cried out. "Who wants wild ginseng?"

The cold, early morning breeze seemed to blow in reply. All around them, the trees whispered and swayed. Hearing a noise from back down the path, Hong turned and his mouth fell open. Dozens of soldiers were marching into view, advancing in five-man rows as precise a parade ground. Uniformed in striking blue, polished scabbards at their waists, it was clear at a glance that all were highly trained.

Unlike the herbalist, the pair looked calm. Waving the wild root, the monster called out, "I'm selling ginseng for one hundred nyang!"

[Have you ever seen such a scoundrel?] But even as Hong swallowed his response, the regal-looking man at the head of the column replied, "I'll take it."

The old man yawned and said, "Three hundred nyang. It's the best Anhui has to offer, so it has to be worth that much."

"A bargain for the price of respecting the Fire King," said the newcomer, bowing deeply. "I will take it."

"Sold," said the monster, with a grin. "And what's the name of the successful bidder?"

"Namgoong Ryong." The nobleman raised his head. His deep eyes shone with the dignity and surety that came from a lifetime in power. "I am the head of the Namgoong Family."