"What the hell are you, bastard?"

With one phrase containing many implications, Jongli Chu's eyes narrowed like a half-moon.

"Do you need me to repeat myself?"

"Jongli Chu from Yunnan. Yeah, I know. So...who are you?"

"Maybe you should start by catching the friend behind you first?"

Jongli Chu's words were true. I grabbed Cheong Pung's arm as he collapsed like a pile of leaves.

There was a slight bleeding on the chest where it was shallowly cut, but it was by no means a serious injury that would bring down a master like Cheong Pung.

"What have you done?"

"Nothing. It's just his willpower(심력/心力) that's been damaged."

"If something were to happen to Cheong Pung…"

"You worry too much. It was just a friendly match, so nothing like that will happen."

"Just a friendly match? What about that strike just now?"

"If you can't trust me, there's nothing I can do. Friendship is a good thing."

Watching Jongli Chu smile so gently, my stomach felt like it had swallowed a hot coal.

'I was fooled so easily.'

I remember the first time I met him. He was a carefree guy who even said that brushing by each other's clothes was fate and asked to become friends. I found it annoying, but I didn't hate it either.

But now, I don't know anymore. Everything about him is shrouded in mystery, from his thoughts to his actions.

It was then, when I felt my hand instinctively tighten around White Flame, that someone urgently called out.

"Hey, wait a minute!"

The owner of the voice was the referee, who looked flustered by the unexpected situation.

"Both of you, step back. And Young Warrior Jin, your intrusion during the competition violates the regulations of the Diverse Stars Grand Festival."

I kept my eyes fixed on Jongli Chu and replied.

"So you're saying it's okay to just watch when someone almost dies?"

"That, that was... didn't he say it was nothing?"

"That's just his word."

My firm response made the referee bite his lips.

"If you don't step back now… you could be disqualified according to the regulations."

"Disqualified?"

"Of course. You wouldn't want to be disqualified before the final, would you?"

I chuckled to myself.

The victory at the Diverse Stars Grand Festival? Surely, I will be able to gain significant experience, fame, or even greater rewards.

Jin Wikyung will praise me for raising the reputation of the family, and Jeok Cheongang will be satisfied.

'But that's all there is.'

The year at Scorching Fire Cave was not for the sake of winning the Diverse Stars Grand Festival.

And it will be the same for this dangerous guy right in front of me.

"Let's have a match."

Jongli Chu's eyes widened.

"Are you serious right now?"

"Yes."

"But you'll be disqualified if you don't step back right now."

"Don't worry about that."

"Thanks to you, I was able to win easily and make my name known all over the world."

"That's nonsense. Put your pretenses aside and tell me the truth."

Jongli Chu hesitated for a moment, then smiled.

"My judgment was right. You are indeed an interesting friend."

"Friend? That is not a word used at times like this. Even more so between you and me."

"I'm a little disappointed... Well, there's nothing I can do about it."

"So, what's your answer?"

"I wanted to fight you at least once."

The referee who was listening to our conversation interrupted with a stern face.

"Did you not hear what the presiding referee said? According to the regulations of the Diverse Stars Grand Festival, the final match must be held tomorrow."

At that moment, a soft voice dug into everyone's ears.

"Well then, let's change that regulation from today."

"Who dared!"

The presiding referee turned around in anger, his nostrils flaring. It was because of the small old man who had approached like a ghost.

"You-, Great Warrior Jeok?"

The eyes of the Fire King, Jeok Cheongang, who had come forward darkly, passed through me and Jongli Chu and were directed at the referee.

"Yeah, it's me."

"I, I apologize. I misspoke."

"It doesn't matter. Just take care of it and quickly proceed to the next match."

"But, but..."

"But what?"

The referee swallowed dry saliva.

"To change the schedule, we need to go through a meeting and get the approval of the chairman."

"The first chairman of the Diverse Stars Grand Festival was Martial God. After he disappeared, the Shaolin Abbot took over as the organizer. Is that right?"

"Y-Yes, that's correct."

"Then it's settled."

"What do you mean?"

"Guangdao has urgent matters to attend to and had to leave for a moment. Based on seniority and the distribution of power in the Murim world, the current chairman should be this old man."

Everyone's gaze turned to the seats of honor outside of the hundred zhangs, as Jeok Cheongang had said. The seat where the Dharma King should be sitting was empty.

No, there is one more person who is missing.

'Thousand-Faced Fox, Song Ho.' 

Both key figures are absent at the same time, what could be going on?

A question arose, but soon disappeared. It's not important now.

"Now we can get rid of that damn regulation or whatever. Was this old man wrong?"

The conflicted referee nodded.

"Yes, we will proceed."

"Okay. And you."

Jongli Chu, who had been watching this scene with great interest, pointed to his chest with his hand.

"Me?"

"Yeah, you, the one with the tongue that's half gone."

"My tongue isn't half gone, but I understand."

He was nonchalant even though he knew who his opponent was.

Jeok Cheongang gave Jongli Chu a penetrating look.

"I'll ask you straight up. Did you come from Mount Tian?"

The Tian Mountain Range(천산산맥/天山山脈). It's none other than the base camp of the Demonic Cult.

At those words, the referee was startled as if he had been caught on fire, and Jongli Chu smiled faintly, as if enjoying the situation.

"Well, I'll postpone the answer to that."

"If you don't want to be short-lived, you'll have to think carefully before answering."

Jongli Chu tapped his smooth chin.

"What if a bad accident happens before you hear that answer?"

"Accident?"

"In the world of Murim, anything can happen. For example, a master losing his only disciple."

At that moment, a deathly silence pressed in from all sides.

Jeok Cheongang, who had been staring at Jongli Chu with a numb gaze, opened his mouth.

"If such a tragic incident were to occur… the master who lost his disciple would be filled with rage."

"Would he go so far as to spread the Heavenly Net Trapping Web(천라지망/天羅蜘網) to kill the enemy?"

"No way. He will burn them alive first. I guarantee it."

"Aren't you too confident? You don't even know whose story it is."

"Coincidentally, this old man happen to know him very well."

"Oh, I see."

Jongli Chu burst into a cheerful laugh.

"Well, I'll need to be prepared for any situation then."

"Aren't you underestimating the disciple too much?"

"I have high expectations, but he probably won't be my opponent."

"Is that so? What do you think?"

In response to Jeok Cheongang's question, I replied confidently.

"That bastard has already lost his mind."

Jongli Chu looked at me as if he found it amusing.

"I'm not sure if what I see in you is self-confidence or arrogance."

"It's neither. I'm just a guy who wants to live long and well. But I do know one thing."

I spoke one word at a time.

"Until you try it, you won't know anything."

"That's a good thought. But will it be the same this time?"

"I hope I succeed."

"You could also die."

"So I have to do my best. And if I die after that... Well, I'll feel bad, but someone will surely avenge me, right?"

Jeok Cheongang nodded his head.

"Go in peace. Don't worry about what happens next, revenge will be taken care of."

"Are you trying to console me with that?"

"Just forget about all the bullshit and remember one thing. If you die by his hand, you will die by the hand of this old man too."

"I see. I'll have to work hard so I don't die twice then."

Jongli Chu burst out laughing at our conversation.

"Hahaha! This is really something. What an amusing relationship between the master and disciple."

As I watched him intently, I mentally rolled my eyes.

Before fighting, I need to strip away any protective barriers surrounding him, even if just a little bit.

'Skill, Qi Sense, activate.'

\*Ding.\*

\- [Qi Sense] has been activated.

\- Currently at the 8 stars, you can search for targets below Lv.100 and within 80 zhangs.

I have two types of Qi Sense: Skill-based Qi Sense and Qi Sense as a martial artist.

When I first came to the Murim world, I relied entirely on the former, but as time went on, I realized that level and strength were not always directly proportional, so I reduced its usage frequency.

The Murim world is a place with many variables, and cannot simply be judged by level.

'Show yourself even a little. Your true form.'

\*Shoo-aaaak!\*

As the state of Qi Sense reached the 8 stars, I was able to concentrate on only one person.

A blue line that only I could see extended out without hesitation and reached Jongli Chu.

No, it was the moment I thought it had reached him.

\*Beep!\*

\- [Qi Sense] has failed!

\- Unable to detect the target!

\- An unknown force is rejecting the skill!

"......!"

What?

I opened my eyes in disbelief at the incredulous system notification. I looked at Jongli Chu with a bewildered expression.

The blue line of the Qi Sense skill seemed to be blocked by something, and it disappeared after circling around Jongli Chu.

"What on earth did you do?"

"That's what I want to ask."

Jongli Chu, who had stopped laughing at some point, looked at me with an amused expression.

"Hey, you have a pretty interesting talent."

His words reminded me of an old memory that came to mind.

It was a memory from a year ago when I first detected someone with Qi Sense skill.

'You are quite an interesting guy.'

Fire King Jeok Cheongang.

He was able to freely control his Qi energy as a Transcendent master, and through that incident, I first realized that the system was not omnipotent.

'But even Jeok Cheongang couldn't repel Qi Sense skill.'

But to think that an unknown force would reject the skill. I've never heard of such a thing.

Every time I saw Jongli Chu's behavior, which went against common sense, one word floated in my mind.

'Demonic Art(마공/魔公).'

Martial arts that go beyond common sense.

Doubt turns into conviction. I now seemed to understand the meaning behind the question that Jeok Cheongang had asked Jongli Chu earlier.

"Are you really from Demonic Cult?"

"I'll let you know if you beat me. What kind of tricks did you do?"

"Even if you win, I won't tell you."

"Well, that's a big loss for me. But I have no choice."

\*Swish.\*

The rusted sword slowly rose and aimed at my eyes.

A voice continued to hum, as if singing, incongruous with the suffocating sharp Qi.

"Let's play, shall we?"

I answered, while raising the White Flame.

"Sure. Let's play hard."

\*Hwaaaak!\*

The Fire Dragon crouched in my dantian, awakened from its slumber and stretched out.

*- Do your best.*

Jeok Cheongang, who pulled Cheong Pung with Grasping the Void, stepped back in the air, and at the same time, the urgent cry of the referee rang out.

"According to the revised schedule, we will now begin the finals of the Diverse Stars Grand Festival immediately! The Life Extending Sword, or rather, the Eternal Victory Sword Jongli Chu, and Shanxi Sleeping Dragon Jin Taekyung…"

The referee's shout was overshadowed as we charged towards each other.

\*Sssrrrrkkk!\*

With one step, the distance was closed.

\*Kwaaaahhh!\*

With two steps, the two beams of light from each of our hands clashed in the air.