As Chul Woo was carried away, Jin Wi-Kyung pronounced Tae-Kyung the winner of the tournament.

The defeat of a famed member of Mount Hua had brought great pride to the small Jin family and the courtyard erupted in celebration. Children threw sweets, old men shouted and cried, dumplings and wine were passed around. Tae-Kyung worried that it could be dangerous for this many armed guests to get drunk, so he shouted for everyone to draw their swords and wave them in time to his chants.

The Southern Edge Sect arrived into the rock festival atmosphere. A word charged with Qi (獅⼦吼 -- Chinese: Lion's Roar, see Kung Fu Hustle!) echoed from the gate, making the ground ring and the air tremble. The weaker guests in the crowd fainted or collapsed, particularly those aristocrats with no martial training. Tae-Kyung heard the words of a master in his ears, "What a foolish game", as Gong Il-Sung, the Tiger Swordsman, arrived.

"That's better," said Il-Sung, as the assembled guests crumpled and clutched their ears.

A tall, thin man, Il-Sung strolled across the courtyard and up the stairs. He looked around, then focused on Tae-Kyung, "Cheong Pung, Jin Tae-Kyung. Which of the two are you?"

Tae-Kyung had a bad feeling and replied, "Not either. I think you've got the wrong person."

Irritated, Il-Sung called up the other warriors from the Southern Edge Sect. They joined him, dragging Hyuk Mu-Jin with them.

"Captain, save me!" whimpered Mu-Jin.

Gong Il-Hyuk, the warrior with a broken arm, said, "That guy is Jin Tae-Kyung."

As Tae-Kyung bowed, three people landed lightly beside him: Jin Wi-Kyung, Baek Mu-Sung and Cheong Pung.

The groups introduced themselves and Jin Wi-Kyung groaned when he heard that the newcomers are from the Southern Edge Sect, one of the nine sects and five great familes that stand, like giant trees, with roots spanning the world. At this news, Tae-Kyung became serious -- he had expected Gong Il-Sung to be a master, but not to be the elder of a great sect.

After speaking to Baek Mu-Sung and rudely dismissing the master of the Mount Hua Sect, Il-Sung turned his attention to Cheong Pung. "You are the disciple of the Sword Sage?"

"Do you know my grandfather?"

"How can I not know him?" replied Il-Sung with a sour expression.

Jin Wi-Kyung politely interrupted to ask why the Southern Edge Sect had visited and Il-Sung replied, "I came to collect a debt. You dared to mock our sect and harm our disciples."

At this, Gong Il-Hyuk held up his injured arm and cried, "I was a guest of the King of Shanxi and received this wound. The surgeon said it will need a year to heal!"

Cheong Pung looked apologetic and said, "I only hit him lightly. Did you feel very sick?"

Injured again, but this time with words, a red faced Il-Hyuk demanded punishment for the huge loss of reputation.

The Tiger Swordsman laughed cruelly and proclaimed that he had come to pass judgement. "You hurt one of the sect. Are you ready for punishment?"

Baek Mu-Sung tried to intervene, while in the background Cheong Pung muttered sadly, "I only hit him gently. I did hit him, but I only did it gently."

"I will formally protest the Mount Hua Sect," stated Il-Sung. "I will take action. Until someone is sent, the Jin Family of Tae-Kyung must also seal their gates and take no further action."

"What did you say now?" Jin Wi-Kyung exclaimed before Tae-Kyung could protest. "This is extremely unfair! Is this fitting behaviour for those of the great sects and families? What if we refuse to accept it?"

In response, a powerful energy washed out from the Tiger Swordsman. "This is Murim. Have you forgotten?"

This enraged Tae-Kyung, who railed against the unfairness of the situation. [I already know how the world works; I'm sick of it. Those without money are despised. Those who are weak are worthless. In some ways, Murim and Hyundai are different, and in some ways they are just the same. The powerful turn lies to truth and truth into lies.]

"Oh, fuck. This is ridiculous."

Il-Sung darkened in anger. "...What did you just say?"

"This is shit. Just totally shit. I'm sorry brother, I know that I should just endure it, but it's just so fucking shit, I can't."

Jin Wi-Kyung nodded and said, "Actually, I think it's shit, too."

"You evidently want to die," spat Il-Sung, drawing a sword of pure white fire, his energy burning stronger than any swordmanship Tae-Kyung had ever seen.

Then, suddenly, a voice sounded from thin air. "If you kill him, you will also die."