The Thousand-Faced Fox (千面狐狸). It was the first Tae-Kyung had ever met someone so unsuited to their nickname.

Song-Ho was a richly-attired old man, taller than average, but with the same gentle energy as the grandfather next door. He looked about as far from a fox as it was possible to get.

[He looks like my granddad! Standing in front of the chicken restaurant, rain or shine... If he wore glasses, they could be twins.]

While the memory made Tae-Kyung smile fondly, the atmosphere around him was as tight as a bowstring. Faces were tense, mouths dry.

[Hmm. Still. You don't get a nickname like that for nothing.]

Tae-Kyung looked again. The energy exuded by the old man was comparable to that of a master. Yet, his aura was not that of a martial artist.

[Strange...?]

As he was evaluating the man at the podium, Song-Ho turned his head and their eyes met. Yellow smile widening, the Fox crooked a finger to beckon Tae-Kyung closer. "It's you, isn't it?"

"Me? What?"

"The Sleeping Dragon of Shanxi. Jin Tae-Kyung. I've heard all about the disciple of the Fire King and the excellent results he achieved in the preliminaries."

Given his apparent familiarity with Jeok Cheon-Gang, Tae-Kyung approached the Thousand-Faced Fox and lowered his head in a humble bow. "Yes. Thank you."

"You're also the reason why this Convocation has so many finalists."

"Huh?" Tae-Kyung had heard many things said recently, but this was new. "Because of me?"

Song-Ho gave a sly grin. "Aren't you the mastermind who destroyed the machine formations installed for the last assessment?"

"Ah. Uh, yeah."

"Well, thanks to your ingenuity, an additional hundred candidates made it through. Everyone that came after your trial passed automatically."

Did that happen? Come to think of it, the fifth round had finished rather quickly. At the time, Tae-Kyung had presumed that the other candidates were locals, so had a better grasp of what was necessary to pass the test.

"From the look on your face, you didn't know. Any regrets?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you could have much less competition..."

"There's about four or five hundred, right?"

"Right." The Fox gestured at the gathering. "Think it'll be easy?"

Tae-Kyung turned his head to look; hundreds of pairs of eyes stared back. Along with the Three Nerds, the tourney hall was packed with row upon row of First Rate and Peak Warriors. Many were the children of prestigious families, who had received the best martial training in the world, or hardened vagabonds, their bodies emblazoned with scars.

[That's quite a lot.] But it didn't matter. Four hundred. Five hundred. A thousand. His answer wouldn't change.

Looking back at Song-Ho, Tae-Kyung shrugged. "It doesn't matter. If you win, it makes no difference."

"What? Haha! Uh-hahaha!"

It was a little embarrassing. As Tae-Kyung scratched the back of his head, looking bashful, he thought: [Everyone here thinks that, though. We've all come to win the championship. It's ridiculous to pretend otherwise!]

"What a fun fellow! Lord Jeok has raised a good one, ho ho ho." Chuckling, the Fox patted Tae-Kyung on the shoulder. "That tickled me."

It was then that a distinguished-looking gentleman entered the hall, heading towards the podium. Seeing the one-legged old man, he hesitated. "Oh, Lord Song? This is unexpected..."

The Fox's hand dropped from Tae-Kyung's shoulder as he turned, the movement smooth and natural. "Since the successful contenders have all gathered here, I stopped by to see their faces. Aren’t they the talented youngsters who will become the future pillars of our world?” Looking around in satisfaction, he began to limp towards the exit. "Anyway, let this old man get out of your way. It's been fun."

Watching him go and the grey-haired gentleman take his position at the podium, Tae-Kyung said nothing. In a very brief moment, he'd finally seen it. Narrowed eyes, sharp and cunning like a fox hunting its prey. What had those clever eyes seen? His quick glance had not been that of a senior staring at his juniors.

[What did you see?]

Tae-Kyung scanned the hall, but whatever it was had already gone.

Instead, there was a crazy person. A warrior near the back waved his arm and shouted enthusiastically, his voice echoing around the hushed chamber. "Hey! My friend!"

"Ah." Tae-Kyung sighed. [Did that bastard make it through the preliminaries, too?] Jongli Chu. Seeing his broad smile, all the curiosity that Tae-Kyung had been feeling evaporated in an instant.

***

"All successful candidates, please follow me."

The matter of organising several hundred veteran warriors was a logistical nightmare, but somehow the officials managed. Once the long line began wending its way after the grey-haired administrator, it soon became apparent that their destination was a long line of waiting carriages.

"Wait, where are we going?"

Tae-Kyung didn't know who had spoken, but he was sure that whoever they were, they would be withering under death stares right about now. They had listened to the tournament formalities and schedule until their ears bled. Tae-Kyung could guess why the Thousand-Faced Fox had left as soon as the administrator had arrived — his voice was enough to make your eyes roll back in your head and drool run down your chin.

"The destination of all candidates," he repeated, in the same nasal drone, "is Luoyang, the capital city of Henan. As previously noted, due to the logistical complexities of organising such a large number of candidates, it has become customary to hold the preliminary screening rounds in the Songshan Mountains, with the cooperation of the Shaolin Temple, however..."

If Tae-Kyung could have identified the man who'd asked the question, he'd have shoved his feet so far down his throat he could have sat on them.

By now, they all knew that the later rounds and the finals of the Convocation of the Stars would be held in Luoyang. The size of the crowds in the capital would dwarf those in Songshan. There would be food and drink in abundance, gambling and revelry. And baths.

"Everyone get into a carriage. It's not far, so we'll be there soon."

As soon as the coach doors closed, they heard the shouts of the drivers and, with the sound of squeaking wheels and horses' hooves, their journey was under way. Tae-Kyung stared out of the window, watching the spectacular Songshan Mountains recede into the distance. It would have been nice if he'd been looking back to cherish the beautiful memories he'd made during the past three days... but actually, he had a simpler reason.

[I can't believe I'm riding with these clowns. I don't even want to look at their faces.]

"It's been a while, friend," said Jongli Chu. "How are you?"

"Get lost. Don't talk to me."

Had things ended there, the remainder of the trip might have been painless enough. But it was too early to relax. The war was only just beginning.	

"Hey, you guys. Did you hear what that peon just said? 'Get lost'! The audacity! I'm not some layabout or hoodlum, I'm Baek-Woo, the Kunlun Cloud Dragon, one of the Ten Dragons and Phoenixes!"

Without taking his eyes off the window, Tae-Kyung sighed. "Shut up. Say anything to me again and you'll regret it, you cheesy fuck."

"What? Did you just say fuck?"

"Yes."

"Clearly, you must be in high spirits because you came out ahead in the light body technique trial..."

"Hey. Dude." Tae-Kyung turned to look at Baek-Woo. "I told you to shut up."

Their stares collided in mid-air. There was a short pause. Then, faster than a striking serpent, the Cloud Dragon lunged.

"Huh?" Baek-Woo looked down in surprise to find his wrists immobilised. "But you were too late?"

"Why did you strike first, you punk?"

In competition, the only thing that matters is winning. A man can start more slowly, but will still win if he reaches the destination first. Even though Baek-Woo had moved earlier, Tae-Kyung had reached his target faster. That was all.

He shook his head. "The Geum Nasu (擒拿手) grabbing technique is shit. Don't you know the light body technique?"

"Uh, how...?"

"How? What? It's all simple. You're weaker than me; I'm stronger than you." Tae-Kyung smiled at the bewildered looking man. "Now, you have three options. One. I hit you with the Divine Palm of Fire."

"..."

"Looking at your expression, I'll guess you don't want to go with option one. Luckily for you, there's option two: I beat you with the Extinguishing Flame Divine Fist. I think it's fair to remind you that I knocked a cliff down with this one, but if you think your body is harder than a cliff it might be worth trying."

"Uh... You said there's a third choice, right?"

"You haggling now? Are you a boy from the Lower Sect? I thought you were from Kunlun?"

Baek-Woo bit his lip. "You shouldn't address me in this way. I'm twenty-six this year. Four years older than you."

"Oh, four years. Four beatings should even things up."

"Ugh. No. Please, just tell me the third option."

"Option three is that you keep your mouth shut around me from now on."

"I choose that one!"

"Sure," said Tae-Kyung, releasing his grip on Baek-Woo's wrists. "Let's keep things peaceful, then."

For a moment, anger flashed in the boy's eyes, but then his face fell and he shook his head. It was a natural reaction for anyone not dangerously stupid or aggressive.

[One down.]

The other passengers were watching closely: Jongli Chu was looking between Tae-Kyung and Baek-Woo, eyes wide with amazement; Gung Gi-Bang had stopped scratching a scab on his thigh; and Zhuge Gyun had closed his book in his lap and seemed to be studying the interaction intently.

"Hey, beggar." Tae-Kyung locked eyes with the Prince of their Sect. "This punk only opens his mouth to talk shit."

Gung Gi-Bang was the least talkative of the Three Nerds. His speech was insightful, but littered with curse words and references to dung. He was, after all, a filthy bastard.

"Well, whether you want to talk or not, I'll give you the same choice I gave your friend earlier. You heard the options, right? Choose quickly, this is all pissing me off."

The Beggar Prince ran his fingers through his tangled mop of curly hair. "I'm on the path of the Eighteen Palms of the Dragon (降龍十八掌), which is one of the five best martial arts in the world. Once it reaches eight stars, almost no one can stand before it."

"So...?"

"I'm not very good at the Eighteen Palms, yet. My mastery is currently at five stars." Gung Gi-Bang's eyes shone. "So, I will choose option three."

For a moment, Tae-Kyung considered giving the beggar a whack on the head, but he resisted. It was only likely to get his hands dirty. Instead, he said, "Then keep your mouth shut from now on, Gi-Bang-a. Speak politely when you address me."

"Gi-Bang-a is casual, though. And you want me to speak formally to you?"

"Correct."

"Huh, that's a bit..."

"Oh, right! You're twenty-six, too, aren't you? Since you're four years older than me, I should beat you four times, right?"

With a fierce glint in his eye, Gung Gi-Bang flexed his hands, preparing the secret art of the Eighteen Palms of the Dragon.

A hand struck him across the head, too fast for anyone in the carriage to see.

The Beggar Prince bowed his head. "I have decided. From now on, I'll call you Jin hyung."

"Fine."

After resolving his issues with two of the Three Nerds, Tae-Kyung looked across at the last.

Sitting quietly in the far corner, Zhuge Gyun was stroking the white crane feathers that decorated the cover of his book.

"Gyun-a."

"The family name of this master is Zhuge. Gyun is actually his first name, so this manner of address is improper."

"Yes, Gyun-a, I'm aware of that. You've made your choice already, right?"

"Decisions should be made after carefully weighing all variables. It's difficult to choose."

"If you haven't decided on an answer after hearing what your seniors said, your decision is likely to make you a corpse."

Zhuge Gyun blinked. "Zhuge Liang (諸葛武侯), the ancient ancestor of this Young Master, decided to enter the civil service after completing the three trials of Liu Bei."

"I asked for a decision and you tell me the story of the Three Kingdoms?"

"Indeed! Zhuge Liang opened his heart after three visits from Liu Bei. It is therefore right and proper that this master, his descendent, chooses option three."

"Good plan, Hermione."

As expected of the Zhuge Clan. It was an admirable strategy of involving illustrious ancestors as a distraction.

There was only one person left, but Jongli Chu smiled and held up his hands in surrender. "Too big and scary for me. I'll keep my mouth shut."

"Please stop flirting, OK?"

"I have no idea what you mean, but OK."

Having conquered the Three Nerds, Tae-Kyung was able to enjoy the remainder of the ride in peace.

Soon enough, the carriage slowed and stopped.

"We've arrived," said the coachman, opening the door.

Outside the carriage, behind high walls and huge iron gates, was a vast city. In the soft glow of sunset, he saw a signboard that read: [The Murim Alliance.]