The Namgoong Clan.

One of the Five Great Families that ruled the world alongside the Nine Great Sects. It was said that the main family included as many as one hundred blood relatives and that number swelled to thousands with the inclusion of subordinates, lesser relatives and foot soldiers.

Perhaps that was why their mansion was incomprehensibly vast, dwarfing the Jin Family estate. How much larger would it be? Five times? Ten? It was impossible to say.

As if to flaunt their wealth and authority, even the guest room was spacious and luxurious. Tae-Kyung could not help himself from staring, open-mouthed, at the splendour.

"Is this your first time visiting the Namgoong Family?"

"Of course!"

These were not some small-time traders; they were perhaps the most important of the Great Families and the effective rulers of Anhui Province. In fact, normally it might have been fun to tease them a little, but not when their relationship with Jeok Cheon-Gang was so delicate.

[Jo-Pil, you asshole. You flung shit everywhere and ran.]

When students do something wrong, schools call their parents. In this way, the Namgoong Family were forced into a relationship with Jeok Cheon-Gang, whose disciple had brutally murdered dozens of civilians in their province.

Remembering New Year's Eve and the story he had heard in a guesthouse in Shanxi Province, Tae-Kyung asked, "Grandfather, it was the Heavenly Sword King who came looking for you, right?" (蒼天劍王 -- Chinese: God Sky Sword King)

"That's right. He was the first one to tell me about it and the one who later did me a favour. I owe him a lot."

If the Namgoong Family had intervened on the day that Jeok Cheon-Gang spared his disciple, Jo-Pil would not have escaped Anhui alive. Instead of an intervention, the old man received a visit from the former head of the Namgoong Family, the Heavenly Sword King.

"What kind of person is he?"

"We've only met a few times, but... well, he's obsessed with the sword."

"Ah, a geommisae." (검미새 -- Korean: sword crazy bastard)

"Geom-what?"

"It means he's crazy about swords. It's a good meaning, don't worry."

"Huh. I guess I can trust you," said Cheon-Gang, but his eyes were narrowed in suspicion and his words were sharp. "Anyway, if you can't figure it out, he came to fight with me rather than to save the child."

"He wanted to duel?"

"Yes, we'd fought once before. Can you see what kind of person he is now?”

"I'm getting a sense of it, yeah."

A serial killer had terrorised Anhui Province, but the former head of the Namgoong Family had let the culprit escape. Such a decision would risk considerable resentment from the families of the victims and perhaps even accusations of incompetence against the provincial leadership.

[He must be a total geommisae.]

It was said that Transcendent Masters, having reached the pinnacle of martial arts, would train endlessly in pursuit of even the smallest improvement. It sounded like the Heavenly Sword King was that kind of man.

"By the way," said Tae-Kyung, "who won your duel?"

"Me," said Cheon-Gang, quietly. "The next day, the Heavenly Sword King went into secluded training."

"Oh."

"But I only won by a hair's breadth. At any level, duels are often decided by small margins. This was about twenty years ago, so he must have become stronger by now and even then it could have gone either way."

Tae-Kyung looked at his master, who was staring away into years long past. The Fire King possessed world-class martial arts, but he was still human. During their year together in the Chamber of the Divine Flame, their relationship had become closer and, as it did, the burden of his great age had become more apparent. While his phenomenal Qi had alleviated the symptoms, this was a curse that not even the best masters could overcome. Power could slow the wheel of time, but nothing could stop it rolling forward.

Guessing Cheon-Gang's feelings, Tae-Kyung forced his face into a bright smile. "Ah, don't worry too much. We haven't come here to fight. We were just invited to the Sword King's birthday celebrations."

"Do you really think so?" The old man glanced up at his student. "Didn't I tell you that he's a sword fanatic?"

Tae-Kyung frowned. It didn't matter whether it was alcohol, gambling, drugs... or martial arts; nothing would distract an addict from satisfying his craving. The Heavenly Sword King had released Jo-Pil to enable a fight with Jeok Cheon-Gang. "Now that I think about it, it does seem rather a coincidence."

The old man grunted. "It's what he's been waiting for."

"So the birthday's just an excuse?"

"The Sword King is a great man from a great family. He can celebrate whenever he wishes. The only thing that matters to him is the day he dies, because then he'll have no choice but to release his blade."

Tae-Kyung felt goosebumps rise on his arms. [What a sword-crazy bastard...]

It was then that they heard a lady speaking from the other side of the door. "Forgive my intrusion, honoured guests. The Family Lord wishes to meet with Master Jin."

***

The interior of the mansion was magnificent. But it was perhaps marginally less magnificent where Tae-Kyung walked.

Behind him, deep scratches and craters marked his path, gouged from the ornate tiles by his iron shackles.

[Like Hansel and Gretel...] The siblings in the fairy tale wouldn't have got lost wearing his manacles and, if they had, it wouldn't have been a problem. Tae-Kyung shook his head, imagining Hansel strangling the witch with chains, while Gretel crushed her skull with an iron ball.

"Master Jin?" His escort was looking at him warily.

"Sorry, lead on."

"No, that's not it." The servant pointed nervously. "I-I'm sorry, but those..."

"Oh!" Tae-Kyung glanced around and saw gloomy servants on their knees along the corridor, trying to repair the damaged tiles as best they could. "Oh, sorry! I'll carry them."

For the first few months, he had tracked the weight of his shackles, but eventually he gave up. They increased when they increased, the exact weight didn't matter. Gathering the clanking chains together, he piled the iron balls on top and gestured with his head for the maid to proceed.

As they walked, he could feel eyes upon him and hear the whispered comments of Namgoong warriors and servants: "Who's that?" "I don't know. A prisoner, I guess?" "How can a man carry so much iron? He must be so strong!" "It looks like a weapon to me. That's just plating." "Do you think he's with the Beggar's Sect? He must be an elder..." "No, he doesn't wear the knot, so he can't be..."

[Motherfuckers...] Talking about him as though he was an escaped convict! Tae-Kyung had just spent a year trapped in a superheated hell, constantly soaked in sweat and his lungs burning with every breath. With no opportunity to wash, he had no idea whether he stank or his body was infested with insects. [I endured it all without logging out and I was looking forward to a good bath!] The Namgoong delegation had intercepted them on their way to the inn, so who were they to judge?

"These bastards are under the King of Swords, but master is the King of Fire," muttered Tae-Kyung. "Why couldn't he have pushed back? I'd have loved a good soak and something to eat..."

Perhaps sensing his mood, the escort quickened her pace and, soon after, they reached the palace interior. An impenetrable wall of gloriously-attired soldiers stood guard at the gates, the two characters for 'Heaven' emblazoned on their breastplates.

"Master Jin Tae-Kyung of the Jin Family of Taiyuan, correct?"

He nodded, hiding his surprise. Standing watch at the gate, ranging in age from 20s to 40s, every one of the elite warriors was a Peak Master.

[Oh my god, using ten Peak Masters to protect the palace. Is this why they're called Five Great Families?] Finally, the power and status of their family became clear.

Seeing Tae-Kyung's expression, one of the youngest guards smiled. "Please disarm yourself, Master Jin."

"Disarm?" said Tae-Kyung, in surprise. "I don't have any weapons here."

"Then what are you carrying, sir?"

"Ah." If a skilled warrior can kill with a pencil, then the iron ball must be a lethal weapon. For Tae-Kyung, the manacles were just part of his outfit; for others, they were something quite different. But there was a problem. "I'm sorry. I'm still in training. I can't remove them."

"Training?" The young guard looked displeased. "I'm also sorry, sir, but I can't help it. Rules are rules."

"Oh, I can't help it, either." Tae-Kyung presented his hands and feet in turn. It was clear that the shackles were firmly attached. "I don't have the key."

"Who does?"

"My master."

"Your master, sir...?" A year had passed since Jeok Cheon-Gang had announced Tae-Kyung as his disciple. There was no way that this high-ranked warrior did not know matters pertaining to one of the Ten Kings. "Hmmm." Examining Tae-Kyung with a furrowed brow, the young warrior seemed to reach a decision. "I'll have to cut it, then."

"Pardon?"

[What did he just say?]

Despite Tae-Kyung's incredulous stare, the young warrior seemed confident. "It's a rule of the Namgoong Family."

"Uh, I don't think you understand..."

Suddenly, he remembered what Jeok Cheon-Gang used to say in the Chamber of Flame: 'Your grandfather became an initiate of the Flame Clan at the age of nine. There were one hundred gifted students who started learning martial arts at that age, but your grandfather is the only one who reached this level. So how do you think this old man managed to get here, hmm? I'll tell you. I outdid all the upright ones, thrashed the criminal ones and killed the demonic ones. In your case, add a hundred catty of iron.'

It was a history of blood and violence. Even the old swordsman, respected elder of the Southern Edge Sect, had been thoroughly beaten. Tae-Kyung wouldn't like to imagine the treatment that this young guardsman would receive.

"...I have to advise you that if you do that, you'll die. It's a really big deal."

"What did you just say?"

"I don't mean you'll die to me."

"You dare threaten me!" roared the young warrior, his hand dropping to his sword.

Then a deep voice rang out, loaded with energy. Namgoong Ryong, the head of the Namgoong Family.

"Enough. Come inside."