His eyes opened.

While Tae-Kyung slept, the world seemed to have changed. Now, his mind felt clear and sharp; his body was as light as a feather.

He was lying in a small room, sparsely decorated with simple furniture and little in the way of ornaments. Everything smelt faintly of wood, as though it had been built recently. As Tae-Kyung looked at the everyday objects around him, it was like he was seeing everything for the first time. The world was alive with energy, bright and scintillating, making familiar shapes seem strange and yet somehow whole.

The moon shining through the high window seemed unusual. He blinked slowly. Wait? It's so bright; perhaps it's the sun?

The world of Murim remained as he had remembered it. What had changed was only Tae-Kyung himself.

"Enlightenment." The whispered word sprang from his lips, unbidden.

When one is accustomed to the darkness, the light will feel strange. The removal of a blockage had let in a light that he had never known existed.

"Are you awake?"

Had the speaker been standing there all along? There, leaning against the doorpost. A small man. Even though there was no lamp in the room, Tae-Kyung could easily discern the deep wrinkles and dark spots on his face.

"Grandfather."

A slight smile. "Yes."

"You're really so old."

Jeok Cheon-Gang spluttered in surprise.

"And so strong," said Tae-Kyung. "Stronger than anyone I've ever seen."

The words were not a trick; they were pure and came from his heart, unfiltered. Having passed through enlightenment, he finally caught a glimpse of the terrifying scale of the power hidden in that small figure.

"Ahem, obviously." Embarrassed, Cheon-Gang cleared his throat. "So, how are you feeling?"

There was no need for Tae-Kyung to read the system messages, nor to circulate Qi through his body. From the moment he opened his eyes, in every breath he took, he could not help but be aware of the enormous power that they had kindled.

"Amazing."

Cheon-Gang's mouth twitched upwards at the swift response. "Of course, given how hard I... I mean, it's very easy to do, but not for everyone... What, I'm serious!"

"I didn't say anything."

"Your look said everything! Such a disrespectful expression..."

It wasn't necessary to speak. Compared to the vast, unknowable reaches of his martial arts, the Fire King's personality was increasingly easy to read.

"I get that a lot," said Tae-Kyung. "It's just the way my face is made..."

"Huh. Makes me wonder why we all bother. The Patriarch has completely abandoned his most critical work to visit the patient over and over. No wonder all the new scholars are exhausted trying to pick up the slack."

"Wait? Who's injured?"

"Who?" Cheon-Gang levelled a meaningful stare at Tae-Kyung.

"Me?"

"Looks that way, doesn't it. Everyone has lost their minds over the last seven days and nights. If I had known there'd be this much fuss, I would have hidden you under a rock or something until you woke up."

"I've been out for seven days?"

"That's right, only seven days. That's the virtue of the Divine Body again, I suppose."

"Oh," said Tae-Kyung, innocently. "That's quite a serious side effect. I'm only surprised because you'd just said how easy it was for you."

"It was!" shouted the old man. "But even with the best shit, you have to wipe your ass! With the amount of waste you'd accumulated, there was no way that you wouldn't need time to adjust!"

[Weird analogy, but OK!] "I get it, I get it. It's like an optimisation process. I'm grateful! So... it's been a week. That must mean that the New Year gathering has ended?"

"Yes, but many are still here. Some have been waiting to talk to you."

"What about? Is there a problem?"

"Ask them directly. They're coming now."

As the old man had said, two visitors soon arrived at the door.

"My youngest!" A giant man burst into the room, tears streaming down his cheeks. "You're awake! Oh! The great master is here, too. There is something we need to speak with Tae-Kyung about, Elder. Is now a good time?"

"No," said Cheon-Gang, flatly. "Go away."

"But it's a matter of great importance to my youngest brother."

"Damn it," grumbled the Fire King, cursing quietly to himself as he pulled up a chair.

Meanwhile, Wi-Kyung had ushered the other visitor into the room. Akbulgun, the spear instructor from the Heaven's Gate Temple, a broad, heavy man, with strong jaw and small eyes. Bowing, he began to methodically explain the various issues and geo-political intricacies of a certain matter of great importance.

The explanation was so boring that Tae-Kyung was already unclear about what he was trying to say. Feeling his eyes glaze over, he blurted out, "So, it's an invitation?"

"It's the Convocation of the Stars (星羅⼤宴 -- Chinese: Stars Gathering Banquet)," said Cheon-Gang, arms folded.

"Indeed," agreed Akbulgun. "It's a profoundly significant event in which numerous parties gather to compete for honour and build solidarity. This has the effect of creating greater factional harmony. Traditionally, the assembly is held every two or three years, with the next due to be held in the central plains of Henan."

Cheon-Gang chuckled. "The Convocation is where the only the strong really benefit and grow their reputations."

Akbulgun nodded slowly and shrugged, in reluctant agreement.

"It's always been that way," continued the Fire King. "It was the same forty years ago, during the time of the Great War between the Orthodox and the Demon Factions. It was an eye-opening experience."

Tae-Kyung watched his master carefully. He was describing a time when the greedy and the powerful had been able to take advantage of the situation. Perhaps it might even have been related to the reason that he had isolated himself on Mount Guhua in Anhui Province.

Seeing Tae-Kyung studying him, Cheon-Gang narrowed his eyes. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"No real reason. It just seems like this event is a pretty big deal and so it'll be really crowded. It sounds like the kind of thing you'd hate."

"Huh. I was invited."

[Since when would that make a difference?]

"By the God of War."

[Ah.]

There were ten kings on earth, three stars in the sky, and one god above them all. That was the kind of invitation that one could not refuse lightly.

"It was the War God who founded the Convocation and asked me to attend. That was the first and last time that the One God, Three Stars and Ten Kings were gathered together in one place." His voice trailed off. Cheon-Gang was tapping his armrests of his chair, staring off into space as though looking back into days long passed. Suddenly, he lifted his chin and looked across at Akbulgun. "How's he doing?"

"No one has seen him in a long time. The rumours aren't good, either."

"I wonder if he's died." The Fire King laughed at such a notion and turned his head to Tae-Kyung. "So. What do you think? Even if the Convocation of the Stars is a great feast for those who want to grow fat and powerful, it still attracts some of the best from all four corners of the world. There's no better place for you to test yourself; you'll be able to fight there without holding back."

"I don't know." Tae-Kyung scratched the back of his head. The Convocation was a place where Murim warriors from around the world would come together to fight, grow strong and gain honour. It was an excellent opportunity to compete against the most skilled opponents and, in so doing, make a name for himself across the entire mainland.

[But... do I care?] After returning to Murim, Tae-Kyung finally understood. Why did he struggle to learn martial arts? Why hadn't he stopped training, even when he had become strong enough to not only stay alive, but to protect his loved ones?

[I do this for fun.]

As he had once said to Cheong Pung, martial arts were interesting. Tae-Kyung had realised a simple truth: that he liked martial arts. He was already addicted. Even if he attained unimaginable wealth or great honour, he would never stop training. There was a pure joy in simply becoming stronger.

"Master Jin?" asked the envoy from Heaven's Gate.

With a nod, Jin Tae-Kyung took a deep breath. It was time to answer. "I..."

And as they listened, the three faces each changed in response to his answer.

Soon after, they left and Tae-Kyung was left alone with his thoughts.

"I want to be strong?" the Fire King had said. "Is that your answer?"

"Yes."

"Does that mean you want to attend the Convocation of the Stars?"

"It doesn't matter. Will it make me stronger?"

"You are young and strong. If you go to the Convocation, you'll engrave your name on the world. Wealth and honour will be yours if you want them."

"I only want to raise the level of my martial arts."

The old man had stared at him, his expression hard to read. At last, he had said, "When the day is bright, come to my home. You're strong enough to learn." Then, he had turned and left.

Tae-Kyung sat on his bed in silence, remembering the words. Jeok Cheon-Gang, the King of Fire, had recognised him. But in that moment, Tae-Kyung knew that he wanted to hear something more: "You're the best in the world."

When he was an F-Class hunter, Tae-Kyung had dreamed of becoming an E-Class. When he first stepped into Murim, he had aspired to become stronger than Hyuk Mu-Jin. As time passed and he grew in strength, his dreams had also grown. And now he had a guide, he could take another step towards those dreams.

[I'm looking forward to the morning!]

There were about three hours until dawn and it looked like the day would be long, for both himself and the Fire King.

He lay back on his bed.

[Logout]

Ding!
Tae-Kyung closed his eyes to the sound of the system notification.