"The firepower of netizens is amazing. There's been a huge uproar about the press conference."

Choi's voice was coming from somewhere behind him. He sounded relaxed, like they were chatting in a bar.

Razor claws rent the air; dagger-like jaws snapped shut, spraying spittle. Tae-Kyung tilted his head, effortlessly dodging the savage assault. "That's a relief. Honestly, I thought I'd made a big mistake, but it's turned out pretty well."

"Indeed. You deserve praise for running a gate straight afterwards, too."

"I'm a hunter, though. That's what we do, isn't it?"

"Now that's why image is important. Why didn't you just say something like that instead of 'fuck'? You'd have been famous."

"Well, it's not exactly the same thing..."

The spear blurred in a deadly arc, lopping off a grasping claw.

As Tae-Kyung advanced on his mewling foe, Choi asked, "Would you make that bet next time? It could all go to dog shit."

"Yeah," he muttered. "It's a high cost."

Turning the spear, he struck down an attacker rushing at his flank. With a horrible crushing, tearing sound, the werewolf fell back, its lupine head torn from its shoulders.

Two metres of lithe muscle, the bipedal wolves were deadly opponents.

Ding!
-You have defeated [Lv.73 Lycanthrope]! -You have earned experience!

In the Stygian woodlands around them, other members of the Lycan pack howled in fear and rage, gnashing their teeth.

Another Lycan stumbled backwards, the light in its yellow eyes fading as the entrails slipped out of its belly. Choi stepped around his kill. "This is the first time I've seen werewolves look so tame."

"They're part human, I guess. Maybe that helps them control their anger."

It's always the same for those who say they've got a temper. They bully the weak, but cower before the strong.

[And once you lose momentum in battle, it's all over.]

Flicking blood off his spear with one hand, Tae-Kyung beckoned to the pack with the other. "Come on, you sons of bitches. Let's get this over with."

Ears drooped and their tails curled between their legs. Wolves had become dogs.

"Cute," said Tae-Kyung, walking forward.

"Please handle it as neatly as possible."

"Why?"

"I'm going to take a few shots for our social media account, so they need to be family friendly if possible."

[Oh. This guy.]

***

A ferocious howl echoed around the valley, the war cry of the king. The gate boss stood head and shoulders above the rest of its pack. A towering beast with a thick coat of silver fur, its eyes shone with the experience of ten thousand hunts.

"Alright, you look cool," said Tae-Kyung, nodding in admiration. "You need special treatment... One strike!"

A searing blast struck the Wolf Lord. Its chest obliterated, the boss crashed backwards like a rotten old tree.

Ding!
-You have defeated [Lv.83 Silver Mane Lycanthrope]! -You have completed a Class-B gate, clearing [Black Forest of the Lycanthropes]! -You have earned a considerable amount of experience! -As you have slain the boss, the exit will now open.

A portal crackled and hissed into life in the centre of the clearing. But there was still work to do.

"Right, let's clean this mess up."

Whistling happily, Tae-Kyung drew his knife and began harvesting.

"Won Myung-Hoon," murmured Choi.

Tae-Kyung was methodically gathering ears, pelts and other valuables. Crouched over a growing mound of bones and viscera, he saw Choi sitting on a rock nearby. A shield spell slowly orbiting his body as he examined his phone, a strange expression on his face.

"Myung-Hoon hyung?"

"Hmm. Yes. What happened eight years ago?"

Tae-Kyung had been a student at the time. As a fan, the memory hurt. "It's all on the wikis."

"I've got an expert right here. Why do I need a wiki?"

"That's fair." Tae-Kyung was carefully peeling the skin from a dead Lycan. "Eight years ago, Myung-Hon’s star began to fall. There were fewer opportunities with movies and drama, his music wasn't selling as well, and there were some charges brought against him for tax evasion. They didn't go anywhere, but even so, his reputation took a hit."

"It's not unusual."

"No, but his image never recovered. More speculation started to surface online. He'd already been having some trouble, so he decided to go back to his roots."

"And that's when the incident occurred?"

"Oh, have you read about it?"

"Yeah, just now." Choi held up his phone.

It showed an article from eight years before. At the time, the story had been splashed all over the front pages.

[Myeong-Dong Station Catastrophe: 30 Deaths, including hunter Minsu-Do. Survivor Won Myung-Hoon speaks out, "Minsu, I'm sorry!"]

"Who was Minsu-Do?" asked Choi.

"An A-rank hunter who was very close to hyung. He'd been really gaining in popularity before the cooperative raid. It was so tragic."

Worse, the disaster took place in a B-class gate. It should have been a cakewalk with two A-rank hunters participating, so speculation was rife.

"There was an investigation and Myung-Hoon was acquitted, but that took years and by that time his image was tarnished forever. He appeared on a few more shows, but the public had cooled on him and he retired from entertainment soon after."

[But he hasn't given up, otherwise he wouldn't have tried to recruit me.]

Team Leader Choi nodded his head slowly. "I see. Thank you."

"Sure. But why did you ask all of a sudden?"

"Because his name's trending. Myung-Hoon is top of real-time search terms and there are dozens of articles about him."

"Oh, really?"

"And you're right alongside him."

"I am?" [A tie for number one?]

Choi swiped his screen and an article popped up. It had been uploaded ten minutes earlier.

[Jin Tae-Kyung and Won Myung-Hoon Unite: Successful transfer to Star Guild. Is this the birth of a new star hunter?]

"When are you transferring?" asked Choi, quietly.

[What the...?]

***

When he had promised to see Won Myung-Hoon soon, Tae-Kyung had not expected that it would be after just a few hours.

Instead of a karaoke booth, they sat across from one another in the Peace Guild headquarters.

"I am very sorry." Myung-Hoon bowed his head deeply. "I saw the article during work and came straight away. I was surprised, too. I can only imagine that someone saw us chatting and posted some idle speculation... We've already complained to the press and organised a press conference to clear everything."

As the members of the Peace Guild exchanged glances, Choi spoke, "I've already seen articles correcting the error. You work quickly."

"Mistakes must be corrected immediately."

"It's a mistake," said Choi, tapping the phone screen with a slender finger, "but is it unfounded? Mr. Jin informed me that you made a recruitment offer. In a cafe full of people."

"Let me explain," said Tae-Kyung, quickly.

"It's true." Myung-Hoon dipped his head in contrition. "An offer was made and Tae-Kyung refused. I was greedy and I caused a great deal of public embarrassment for everyone involved. I must sincerely apologise."

Despite his beginnings as a hunter, Myung-Hoon had been a star. By unambiguously admitting fault, he had diffused the issue and left nothing else that could be said, given that hunters routinely changed guilds. Very few operated under exclusivity contracts and most hunters were therefore free to change guilds as many times as contract clauses permitted.

In fact, Myung-Hoon's offer was no different from dozens made by other guilds. The only difference was that Tae-Kyung had sat together with his idol and discussed the matter directly.

Team Leader Choi was deep in thought. Both sides had acted swiftly and achieved a tidy resolution. "Very well," he said, at last. "Then, let's leave it at that."

Myung-Hoon brightened. "If you are happy with that, I'm extremely grateful. Thank you."

"Well, there's no need to make mountains out of molehills. There's also a degree of fault on our side."

From the side-lines, Im Hyuk-Jun smiled broadly. "Yes, yes, that's great. It's so nice to see everyone getting along."

Butler Kim and Song-i nodded and, almost at once, the uncomfortable atmosphere thawed. Tension seemed to flow from the room. Drinks were brought and, in no time at all, Myung-Hoon was sitting with a coffee, reminiscing with a sad smile.

"Tae-Kyung really does love it here, you know? He thinks very highly of you all. I was so impressed by him and so greedy that I tried to lure him to Star Guild, but he wasn't having any of it. Not for a moment."

"Ha!" cried Hyuk-Jun. "Tae-Kyung's well-known for his loyalty."

"Honestly, I can see why. Everyone here's so nice that I can totally understand why he didn't want to leave."

"Ah, Myung-Hoon, it's so nice to hear you say that. When I heard you on TV, I thought it must be scripted, but apparently not!"

"Haha, no, no, it's all thanks to you." Myung-Hoon laughed easily and sipped his coffee. Relaxing in the friendly atmosphere, he perked up as though he'd just had an idea. "Say, how's your schedule for tomorrow? Fancy doing a raid together?"

"Tomorrow?" "Raid?" Startled, the guild looked over at one person. Choi.

While Butler Kim was the nominal Guild Leader, Myung-Hoon had clearly identified the real power. "What do you think? It would be a great opportunity and we can present it to the media as proof of our reconciliation. It'll be a good experience for your guild members, too."

"I'm not sure." There was an oddly grim look on Choi's face.

"It'd be a pity to miss out. We won the rights to the gate this week. It's A-class."

"An A-class?"

"That's right. Ownership guaranteed."

The gate qualification process was strict. As Peace Guild had only recently started recruiting, it would be a long time before they could enter such a gate.

"A-class?" Finally, Choi nodded, "OK, let's do it."