The first day of the New Year festival had been successful on a level that surpassed everyone's wildest expectations.

By embracing the Mount Heng Sword Sect, Jin Wi-Kyung had earned the loyalty of dozens of smaller groups across Shanxi, some of whom had not previously thrown in with either side. The arrival of Mount Hua and the intervention of the famed Southern Edge Sect, followed by the reappearance of the Fire King, had stunned everyone.

Including Tae-Kyung.

Everywhere he went and everything he did, people were watching. Only half a day before, that had meant an interest in the Sleeping Dragon.

Not anymore.

"Disciple of the Fire King. Heir to the Flame Clan."

The old man's clear declaration had extended his protection over the Jin Family. But Tae-Kyung did not know what the Fire King was planning and now, with the guests in a drunken stupor, he intended to find out.

He stopped outside the house where Jeok Cheon-Gang was staying.

"Great warrior," he called. "It's Tae-Kyung. Can I ask you a question?"

"I'm sleeping."

"Uh."

"I can talk when I'm sleeping. Don't think too much about it."

"There's something I have to know."

"You should be sleeping, too. Leave me alone... Ah, no. Stop. If you take one more step towards the door, you won't see the sunrise."

"Please let me in. It's cold out here."

"I can set you on fire to warm you up..." Tae-Kyung froze on the spot and several long quiet seconds passed before the Fire King spoke again. "I went to Zhengyang."

"Ah."

There was only one reason he would have gone to the small mountain town. A slaughter had taken place there and then, in the driving snow, a famous man had died.

"Jo-Pil."

"Yes. I wandered there and talked to the people I met... One old man had returned to bury the bodies. It was there that I realised that if I'd found... him... before you did, I still could not have killed him..."

Tae-Kyung hesitated, then asked, "Did you find the body?"

"No. Nothing... This is my burden now. An ugly one."

From the other side of the door, Tae-Kyung could hear the sound of liquid being poured.

"Sir, didn't you say you were too drunk earlier?"

"Clever guy, knowing the answer to the questions before you ask."

The door swung open and light filled the alleyway. Inside, Cheon-Gang placed another glass on the table and filled it.

Knowing the old man to be in a maudlin mood, Tae-Kyung sat and said brightly, "I was taught that it's good to share."

"I was taught that greedy men should be burned to ash."

"W-what terrifying person said that?"

"My master."

[The Volcano Lord. I don't know much about the history of the Flame Clan or its successors, but looking at the Fire King, I can guess...]

They sipped the spirits in silence until, all of a sudden, Cheon-Gang spoke. "The Thousand Flame Sword. You can keep it. It's yours."

The Nameless Sword? "But it's the heirloom of your clan."

The Fire King emptied his glass. "No, it isn't."

"Huh?"

"About a hundred years ago, a young soldier found a blade. It was pretty useful, so he kept it. The young soldier became a successor of his clan and he brought the sword with him."

Tae-Kyung spluttered. "Are you kidding me? You announced it in front of everyone!"

"I did." Cheon-Gang poured another shot. "You have to do that so people will talk. And when everyone knows that harming the Jin Family will bring the wrath of the Fire King... So keep the sword."

Ding! *
Information on [Nameless Sword] has been updated.

[Thousand Flame Sword] Type: Sword Grade: Peak Restrictions: Requires permission of the Flame Clan Description: The sword of the teenager gatekeeper of the Flame Clan. Razor sharp and forged from 10,000 year iron, it has evolved from years of killing for different masters. Only the successor of the Flame Clan can draw out its true power. Effect: Unknown

Everything about the sword was inextricably linked with the Flame Clan. But the successor, its rightful owner, was a corpse.

"I was really worried," said Tae-Kyung, ruefully. "I didn't know what I'd say if you'd really wanted to name me your heir."

Cheon-Gang stared into space, as though reading the holographic window of the system.

"Think of it as a rental, then. If I die before I reclaim it, you can keep it forever."

"Fucking hell, old man!"

Tae-Kyung froze. The words had popped out of his mouth before he could filter them.

The door to the hall burst open. A pair of blazing eyes burned from the other side of the table.

"What did you just say?"

"Nothing! Err... It was a mistake!"

"A mistake? I'll make a mistake with my knuckles!"

As blazing flames erupted around the Fire King's clenched fist, Tae-Kyung sprawled backwards and yanked the manual from his inventory.

"Divine Palm of Fire!" he yelled, holding it between them.

Rather than burn the manual of his own technique, the Fire King quickly snatched back his hand and, in that moment, Tae-Kyung darted out the door.

"I'm so sorry! Please forgive me!"

"Run or die, boy!" shouted Cheon-Gang, chasing him outside.

The old man smiled as he watched Tae-Kyung flee. "You can't run," he added, more quietly. If he wanted to catch him, he would be caught.

The Fire King turned away. Even though Tae-Kyung had killed Jang Cheon, a disciple he had loved like a child, he bore no hatred for the young Jin warrior. Indeed, he owed Tae-Kyung and the people of Shanxi a sincere apology for the grave error he made ten years earlier.

"Ah, how did I get so fucking old." Still, he didn't feel bad, even though the brat had insulted him. Instead, he felt relieved. "Not just old. Senile, too. Ha ha ha..."

Since the death of his master, no-one had dared utter a bad word in the presence of the Fire King. His legend cowed even the bravest man. Jin Tae-Kyung's honest words felt like a cool breeze. Something had been unblocked in his heart.

As people age, they get lonely. Not because they have no one to meet with, but because they have no one to lean on or to be leaned on. And, for his whole life, the Fire King had been like a thorn tree. He was a man who stood alone, needing no support and offering none in turn. In a hundred years, he had only ever given shelter to one person.

"Did you feel supported, Jang Cheon?" he asked the air. "Even for one moment?" His heart hurting in his chest, the Fire King shook his head. "I'm sorry, this is the last time that I'll think of you."

Standing in the courtyard, another face came unbidden to his mind. Clear, strong features. A self-assured, sarcastic laugh.

"Are you mad at me for saying you were fucking old?" asked the vision of Tae-Kyung.

The Cheon-Gang frowned.

A wisp of smoke coiled past him, out of the front door of his house. There, on the table, the manual of the Divine Palm of Fire was smouldering. Half of the outer cover had already burned away.

The Fire King screamed and hurriedly extinguished the flames. "Jin Tae-Kyung!" he yelled. "I'm going to kill you!"