The two men sat awkwardly in the office, watching each other over the edges of their cups.

[Something is clearly bothering you. What's going on?]

[Are you a mute? What's going on?]

"I was on my way to meet him," said Cheon-Gang, breaking the silence.

The Patriarch couldn't help but be concerned that resentment lingered over the incident two days prior. "Is this because of the Manual?"

"I've already forgotten about that," said the old man. Wi-Kyung sipped his tea and let him continue. "No. I beat him quite badly, so I went to give him refinement."

"The ritual of Spiritual Refinement?"

"Is there another kind of refinement that I don't know?"

"No, I was just surprised. It's an incredible honour that you, a great master, have performed the sacred ritual on my brother."

Looking at the joy on Wi-Kyung's face, Cheon-Gang had a sudden realisation. "Hmm. Maybe you don't know...?"

"Know what?"

[No one could ever have imagined that Tae-Kyung would have one of the best physiques in the world. Is his brother the exception to that, perhaps?] Cheon-Gang wet his lips. "The effect of Spiritual Refinement was insignificant."

"Oh! What do you mean? Are you saying that the ritual didn't work?"

"No. Not really, anyway. Rather, it might be more accurate to say that Tae-Kyung didn't really need it. It's still too early to say for sure..." The Fire King paused and then quietly admitted, "I think he may possess the Divine Body."

Astonishment washed over Jin Wi-Kyung's face, then he beamed in delight.

"Did you already know?"

"I didn't, but suddenly it all makes sense."

"What do you mean?"

"It's just that that his achievements have come miraculously fast. However, if he has the heavenly body... well, that would explain everything."

"Fast?" Cheon-Gang furrowed his brows. "Although he has done well in comparison to most of his peers, many gifted students will have done better. You can't say what he's achieved is particularly noteworthy, let alone Divine. The celestial body is literally a gift from Heaven that grants a human the powers of a god. And... well, this guy..."

"...Is only at the beginning of the Peak."

"Right. Of course, it's praiseworthy for his age, but the world is wide and there are many prodigious talents. Cheong Pung, for example." The Fire King knew his words to be true. The world of Murim was not limited to the nine great sects and five great families. Countless up-and-coming talents were scattered across the mainland or hidden in seclusion. Among their number, many would already be close to the power of the Three Stars and Ten Kings. "This is why I cannot be sure... His abilities are excellent, sure, and his physique is incredible, but his martial arts seem too weak..."

Laughing, Wi-Kyung shook his head. "It's funny. I thought it was the other way around. My brother is strong, but I thought it was his talent that was exceptional. His aptitude for martial arts may be the best in the world."

Cheong-Gang spluttered at the assertion. Even he, a living legend, would never have the audacity to make such a claim. However, the confident smile on the face of the man opposite obliged him to ask, "What basis do you have for thinking that?"

With a sly smile, Jin Wi-Kyung quietly held up three fingers. "Three months."

"Huh?"

"This is how long Tae-Kyung has been learning martial arts. He took three months to rise from Third Rate to Peak."

"Wha...!" Jeok Cheon-Gang felt the blood draining from his face, the world spinning around him. His heart thumped in his chest and his vision blurred. Three months from Third Rate Warrior to Master of the Peak? Impossible. It could not be done; it had never been done. The Fire King tried to swallow, but his mouth was dry. It was inconceivable... unless...

Jeok Cheon-Gang, the Fire King, was a transcendent master. However, even he, who could stand against a thousand foes, was just an old man slowly losing to the advances of age.

The Divine Body, on the other hand, was born at the whim of the Gods.

[How can humans guess the will of Heaven?] Cheong-Gang rose slowly from his seat and walked to the window. Throwing open the shutters, he looked up at the endless blue sky. Frozen wind whipped around him, but he was oblivious to the chill. Why did Heaven choose Jin Tae-Kyung? Why had their paths crossed? "Who are you? What do you expect of me?" he murmured, but there was no answer, just wisps of cloud sweeping by, impossibly far above them.

"I think," he looked back into the room, "I need something stronger to drink. What do you think?"

Jin Wi-Kyung smiled. "Good. I was getting tired of tea."

***

The next day, Hyuk Mu-Jin came to visit Tae-Kyung at his home. In the distance, the muted sounds of revelry could still be heard across the estate, but in the house it was dark and quiet.

"Captain? Do you want to attend the banquet?"

An instant response. "Nope." [Who wants to be treated like a monkey in a zoo?]

"The Lesser Family Head commands it, though."

"Ah, my brother won't say anything."

"It might do you good to get out of the house..."

Tae-Kyung opened an eye and looked over at Mu-Jin. [This bastard is getting better at speaking.] "I'm still recovering."

"Really?" said Mu-Jin, stepping inside. "When I saw you this morning, you looked much better."

Tae-Kyung was forced to concede that the tapestry of bruises across his upper body had all but disappeared. Perhaps the Spiritual Refinement had been effective after all, even though stats would have been better.

Scratching the back of his head, Mu-Jin grimaced. "Just come to the banquet."

"Didn't you hear? I'm still sick."

"Yeah, I heard, but the great master said that you would have fully recovered by now. In fact, he said that if you didn't come, he'd drag you there himself."

"Ah, damn. Is that old man still here?"

"He sure is. He was up all night drinking with the Lesser Family Head."

Tae-Kyung sighed. The Fire King had been due to leave the day before, when the festival ended, but the arrival of dignitaries and worthies had led to the celebration being extended.

"Fuck it, let's go."

"Good decision," said Mu-Jin, brightly. "If you hadn't, I'd have been killed!"

They walked to the banquet down wide avenues, beneath brightly-patterned lanterns, to raucous laughter and conversation, lively music, glasses striking tabletops, plates piled high with meats and dumplings and a hundred other dishes. Although less busy than the first day, the square still thronged with guests, all richly attired, their faces flushed in merriment.

Mu-Jin said, "It's reached the point where there's not enough space."

"Looks pretty busy to me..."

"Yeah, but they are different guests. The Patriarch wanted to make sure that no one was offended, so those who feasted on one day were given gifts and then others took their seats on the next day."

Managing public opinion. Whether he was calculating every step or relying on instinct, Jin Wi-Kyung was a natural leader with bureaucratic skills as sharp as his martial arts. Would the Jin Family have overcome adversity and risen so swiftly without such an excellent CEO at the helm?

"Ahhh!" the giant Patriarch was shouting at that very moment. "My beloved brother has come!"

Through Qi, the effects of alcohol can be removed. Wi-Kyung had clearly decided to get drunk and then achieved his aim, his face flushed, voice slurred.

Beside him, the Fire King was similarly inebriated. "You see? I called and he came. I hold him in the palm of my hand." His hand wobbled as he held it up.

Moving over to join them, Tae-Kyung greeted the familiar faces, bowing his head to Baek Mu-Sung and then Lee Seo-Wol.

As he dropped into the chair beside the Fire King, a glass of rice wine was slammed down in front of him.

"Drink!" said the old man.

"Yes," replied Tae-Kyung, emptying the glass.

"Good. Again."

Gulp!

"Another shot."

Gulp!

"More!"

"Again?" [How does this feel so good?]

Once Tae-Kyung had finished the jug, the Fire King sat back in his chair, his mouth curled in a wry smile. "That's good. You have to catch up. Now..." He clambered to his feet. "I need a piss. You! Keep going..."

No sooner had he tottered away than a stern, middle-aged man spoke. "May I fill your glass, young master?" As he poured, he said, "It's an honour to meet the Sleeping Dragon of Shanxi. I've heard about you from our cadets."

"Cadets?"

"Uh huh. Have you ever heard of the Heaven's Gate Temple? I'm a spear instructor at the Academy. You may not know, but your brother is pretty famous there, so naturally we heard about you, too."

"Can't have been very good stories."

"Not at all. It's clear that they weren't exaggerated."

Tae-Kyung smiled politely and drank. "If you don't mind me asking, why are you here?"

"Ah, I've come to escort Mu-Kyung back to the Academy.. but he's in isolation, training. It's a bit of a problem, actually, as I must leave within seven days and you must know how hard it is to talk to him once he's studying." The man sighed. "What about you?"

"Me?"

"Yes, have you considered becoming a student at the Temple?"

Tae-Kyung was shocked. Heaven's Gate was a renowned centre of excellence, filled with talented people from around the world. The clash with the Tiger Swordsman had underlined the urgent need for him to develop his martial arts.

[I'd be sure to grow stronger at Heaven's Gate... I mean, if I was really the disciple of the Fire King, he would have told me. That heirloom stuff was just to protect us.]

"The admission period has passed," said the man, placing a hand on Tae-Kyung's shoulder, "but we can negotiate something for such an exceptional candidate."

"I am..." As Tae-Kyung opened his mouth, there was a rush of heat.

The voice that followed was stone cold sober. "Take your hands off him."