[Convocation of the Stars]  
What more can be said? Don't hesitate; the world is watching! Seize your opportunity to win this Grand Tournament and leave your mark on the world.  
Rank: Supreme Peak  
Restrictions: Jin Tae-Kyung  
Objectives: Win the Convocation of the Stars (Incomplete)    
Quest reward: ???  
Quest failure: Incur the wrath of the Fire King (uh oh).

"..."

The penalty for failure made him pause. It was entirely possible that he wouldn't win the tournament. Would that seriously make his master angry?

[So unfair! He's only been teaching me for a year! Admittedly... my case is a bit unusual...]

"Jin Tae-Kyung of the Jin Family of Taiyuan," said the judge, again. "Where are you?"

"Oh! Here."

"Come forward, please."

Voices murmured all around him: "He's the Sleeping Dragon?" "That young guy? He's the disciple of the Fire King?" "That's right, I'm sure it's him." 

"Huh," said a brusque Norwegian voice. "I've heard what they say, but he still looks like a weakling to me."

Ignoring them, Tae-Kyung stopped before the cliff.

The official nodded politely. "A depth of at least three cun (寸) is required to pass."

"Understood."

Three cun meant about ten centimetres. That would be relatively trivial for most First Rate warriors. Even so, standing before the wall with a crowd watching, Tae-Kyung suddenly felt nervous.

How much force would be required to leave a mark ten centimetres deep? [Uh. I haven't got a clue...] Staring quietly, Tae-Kyung decided to use the help function. "Hey, sir?"

The judge seemed surprised. "Yes?"

"If it's at least three cun in depth, I pass, right?"

"Correct. However, once you remove your fist, that's it."

"Ah, I see."

In that case, it was easy. Without ceremony, Tae-Kyung drove a simple punch into the cliff. The noise from the impact echoed around the testing ground and long, jagged cracks spread across the cliff face. Just to make sure, he shoved his clenched fist. The wall split like tofu, raining dirt and chunks of stone.

Tae-Kyung looked to the judge for confirmation. "That passes, right?"

The man's face was a picture. His jaw hung open, gaze moving between Tae-Kyung and the ruined cliff. "W-what did you do?"

"I gave it a push. That's legal, right? I didn't remove my fist."

"Th-that's it?" The official trembled. "Well, I don't know if it's legal. I've never seen anything like this before."

"That's alright. It can be like this from now on."

"M-Master Jin, I'm sorry, but would you mind doing things normally, please. It's hard for me to make a fair assessment."

"Normally?" Tae-Kyung hadn't been trying to make things difficult. [You punk! Do you want me to hit it again, then?]

"Hahaha!"

All heads turned towards the booming laughter. The Norwegian stood nearby, sneering. "He's the type of guy who wants to stand out."

Tae-Kyung pulled a face. "Not really. Why are you trying so hard to pick a fight?"

"Me?"

"Yeah, you."

The Norwegian darkened; the veins in his temple began to throb. "You've got a big mouth for a disciple who's barely started his training."

"Barely started? I'm twenty-two. All grown up."

"And I'm thirty." (이립 -- Korean: from Lun Yu by Confucius, meaning 'steadfast')

"Hey, almost the same as me. Let's be friends."

"Mind your manners, pup..."

[Does everyone here have an honorific fetish or something?]

As the Norwegian stepped forwards, balling his fists into wrecking balls, the official held up his hand. "Careful!"

"Take care, judge. The only one who gives me orders is my master."

Tae-Kyung folded his arms. "Ugh. You've been itching to say that this whole time. Let's hear who your master is, then." 

"The Sea King."

[If he's the King of the Seas...?] "Bullshit."

"What do you mean bullshit?" roared the giant. "Master's name is Pa! Sea King Paryun!"

"Ah, I see," said Tae-Kyung, disappointed.

However, the name had a profound effect on everyone else, spreading like wildfire through applicants, judges, and even those being screened by different officials: "Did you hear, he said Sea King Paryun!" "Does he mean the leader of the Yangtze River Channel Alliance and one of the Ten Kings?" "That means that the pale one is the Iron Leviathan! No wonder he wasn't afraid to fight the Fire King's disciple!" "Can you imagine? The disciples of two of the Kings...?"

The Norwegian snorted. No, he was the famed Iron Leviathan, a warrior puffed up with pride about his master and clearly almost as arrogant about his own abilities.

[Well, he has reason. He's definitely strong.]

It was natural for a disciple of one of the Ten Kings to have some degree of pride, even though he, unlike Tae-Kyung, had been probably been moulded since childhood. The Yangtze River Channel Alliance was not a group that Tae-Kyung knew well, but they had developed this giant well, providing exceptional martial training and the elixirs necessary to refine his monstrous physique.

The Iron Leviathan smirked at Tae-Kyung, who still stood, arms crossed, watching him. "Did you say you were a student of the Fire King? Don't think you're special after being taught for a year, especially coming from a backwater martial arts family."

Well. He wasn't wrong. Shanxi Province was only on the outskirts of the Central Plain, widely considered to be the cradle of civilisation. His description of the Jin Family was probably accurate, too, but...

Tae-Kyung shrugged. "I guess that's fair. And you're a pirate whose master is a pirate captain."

"Pirate! Are you insulting the Yangtze River Channel Alliance? We're heroes who roam the rivers and seas!"

"Oh, you're daring sailors, who go where you want?"

"Right!"

"You're skilled fighters? Experts at attacking both ships and towns?"

"Yes!"

"So. You're pirates. Got it."

"Bastard! The Alliance are heroes! We're totally different from pirate scum!"

"Yeah, as different as heaven and earth. By any chance, do you ever eat Devil Fruit? You can't swim if you eat them, right?"

"No!"

"What about cursed gold coins? I bet you collect them, savvy?"

"What shit are you spouting?" snarled the Iron Leviathan, curling his huge hands into fists. "Are you trying to piss me off?"

Tae-Kyung grinned. "Yarr!"

Sensing murderous intent, the judge sprang forward, placing himself between the two disciples. "Wait! If you fight here, you're disqualified!"

"Get out of my way!"

"Ugh!"

Given the enormous scale and prestige of the tournament, all of the judges were highly skilled, from First Rate to the Peak. However, despite his superlative skills, the official turned white when the Viking's hand closed on his shoulder. "Hey, what the...!"

"There's no need to stop us," said the giant. "My master told me to focus on winning this championship."

"Well, then..."

"So, I'm not fighting. I'm just teaching this kid a lesson."

Releasing his grip, the Iron Leviathan strode over to the cliff and, without pausing, thrust his fist deep into the stone. He made it look incredibly easy. Forearm still buried in solid rock, he looked back at Tae-Kyung and clicked his tongue.

"You only managed this much," he said, as the earth groaned and shuddered; pebbles and grit fell like rain.

From the moment he first laid eyes on him, Tae-Kyung had known that this was a master with extremely powerful external skills. Not simply by virtue of his considerable natural size and strength, but also from his mastery of high-level martial arts and excellent command of external Qi. His feat would be impossible without Qi, but he had unleashed colossal force as easily as breathing. The hole was much larger than Tae-Kyung's attempt and completely legal.

"Wow!" The onlookers gasped and chattered in amazement at such incalculable power. "Who would expect less of the Iron Leviathan!" "What a man!" "The disciple of the Fire King may be great, but not good enough compared to that?" "Probably! He's young and it's only been a year since the Fire King accepted him as a disciple." "He must have been aiming to win the Convocation, though? May be too much for him this time..."

Regardless of what anyone might say, the Iron Leviathan was powerful enough to hold his head high in any company, regardless of who his master was.

"As expected, you're very strong," said Tae-Kyung. "Congratulations on passing."

The Norwegian snorted. "Fuck off. I don't need your flattery."

"I mean it."

Shaking his head, he turned to the judge. "Did I pass?"

The official looked stunned by the series of unexpected events. "Oh, well, that's..."

"It doesn't matter. I didn't plan to end it like this anyway." The Viking pulled his arm out of the wall with contemptuous ease. Seeing the envy and despair in the eyes of those watching, he bared his teeth at Tae-Kyung. "Child, consider it an honour to witness the Shipwreck Punch (破船拳 -- Chinese: Break Ship Punch)."

"Shipwreck Punch?"

Instead of responding, a surge of energy as vast and strong as the ocean rose in the body of the Iron Leviathan. His waist was thicker than a bear; his arms were like stone pillars. Around his hands, cascading energy shone a brilliant blue, like a sunlit sea. The air vibrated as he drew back his fist and unleashed a blow that would destroy any ship.

All around, people cried out in fear, covering their faces as dust and shattered rock rained down over the area.

Amidst the chaos, Tae-Kyung stood and watched as the dust began to settle. The testing cliff was about a hundred zhang (장 / 丈 = 3.03m) in width and now a crater had been blasted into its face. It was the size of a small cave, perhaps ten zhang wide and five deep.

A visible shudder passed through the crowd. Every person gathered there revered martial arts above all else. They stared in awe at a warrior who had demonstrated skills that they would never reach. "My God." "I can't believe it!" "This is the power of the Sea King!" 

The muscles on the Viking's broad back writhed. Slowly marshalling his breath, he turned around, face calm. "Result?"

Only then did the official find his voice, which came out as a croak. "Pass. Pass!"

"Right," said the giant. His mouth twitched as he looked at Tae-Kyung. "Hey. Did you see that?"

"Sure."

"How was it?"

"Pretty great."

"And?"

"And congratulations on passing?"

"Is that all?"

"What? Do you want a pat on the butt or something?" Tae-Kyung shook his head as the Viking ground his teeth. What more was there to say? [Is he a baby or something?]

Perhaps because he was a pirate, the Iron Leviathan was crude and ignorant. These were the preliminaries, so why pour in so much energy that you run out of breath?

Tae-Kyung nodded to the judge. "Shall we move on? We've already taken up a lot of time."

"Oh, yes! Then next..."

"Huh." The growl of the Iron Leviathan stopped everyone in their tracks. "Looking at you, it's easy to see the true level of the Flame Clan."

"What?"

The Viking chuckled, the sound dripping with contempt. "You like talking, but you run away with your tail between your legs at the first sniff of a challenge."

"That's what you think."

"That's what I see." He spread his arms. "And I'm not alone."

Looking around, Tae-Kyung saw the crowd watching. He could read the emotions in their eyes. Disappointment. Contempt.

*Ding!

-People are whispering about your frightened appearance!  
-People doubt the reputation of [The Flame Clan].  
-People doubt the reputation of [Jeok Cheon-Gang].  
-Reputation has dropped by 18!  
-Reputation has decreased by 20!  
-Reputation...

At that moment, Tae-Kyung woke as if from a long sleep. [I see.] He had not realised, or forgotten, the significance of the Convocation of the Stars. A curtain had risen on a magnificent stage, where the best warriors in the world had gathered. In a world governed by strength, there were only two types of people: winners and losers. [And even the heavens are watching the Central Plains.] Tae-Kyung shook his head and sighed.

"Ah. Good," said the Viking. "You're ready to try now, aren't you?"

"Yes. Thank you. I've come to my senses."

"I heard that you're skilled with spears. You have my permission..."

"No need. You used Shipwreck Punch, you said?"

"Yeah?"

"Clearly it's good for breaking ships. But cliffs? Not so much." As the giant frowned in confusion, Tae-Kyung glanced at the judge. "You weren't sure whether my test was legal. Can I redo it?"

"Uh... very well."

"Good."

In one step, Tae-Kyung covered the five zhang to the cliff. It towered above him, pitted and scarred, but still imposing. Voices were shouting behind him, but he could barely hear them over the blood pumping in his ears. Why was he so angry? Because they'd insulted him? No. He knew why. Because they had insulted his grandfather. Because his own weakness was being used to tear the old man down. That was unacceptable.

A rumble rose from deep within his dantian. A sleeping dragon was stirring. He felt its flames flicker into life, felt them burst into a scorching inferno. Then, in a burning rush, the dragon stretched out and filled his meridians with Flame Qi.

"Jin Tae-Kyung!"

"Hey, bitch (좆밥 -- Korean: Smegma), consider it an honour to witness the Divine Extinguishing Flame Fist (滅炎神拳)."

And as he spoke, his eyes ignited in blue flames.