Tae-Kyung was unstoppable (縱橫無盡 -- Japanese: idiom meaning "without limitation").

A limitless engine of destruction, he roamed unhindered among the gigantic ogres. All he had to do was reach out with his spear and blood erupted, bones cracked, ogres died. His flashing blade cut, stabbed and smashed. Nothing could stop him.

Another towering warrior crumpled, gasping and pawing at the spear impaling its throat. More ogres were emerging from the gate, each three metres tall, like walking tanks. It made no difference to Tae-Kyung. When two emerged, he killed three; when three came, he slew four. It was all so easy now.

He had not increased his stats since the fight with Chul Woo at the New Year banquet, but unlocking his meridians had exponentially increased his strength and the ferocious power of his Qi. Even when the huge iron weapons descended from all sides, the ogres almost seemed to move in slow motion. The fools could not use the power inside them.

Kneeling in a growing pool of its own blood, the ogre's breath rattled in his chest and hands slipped from the bloodied spear.

*Ding

-[Lv85] An Ogre was defeated! -Gain a considerable amount of experience! -Level up!

"That's five."

Another level? Though he'd reached the mid-70s, fighting alone against foes who were five to ten levels higher still provided a wealth of experience.

[Wait a minute...] Tae-Kyung looked across the wasteland of smashed cars and broken toll booths. Another group of ogres were emerging from the crackling portal. [It's like conveyor belt sushi! And ogres are better than tuna belly!] The gate was spitting out continual waves of sushi ogres; it was time to grind experience points!

He tucked into the feast, splattered in gore and grinning wildly.

It was then that the thunder of rotor blades reached him. Hurricane winds buffeted over the battlefield as combat helicopters swept in low.

"There! Down, down!"

"Go, go!"

A platoon of military hunters hit the ground like a lightning strike. From twenty metres up, even normal hunters would feel the impact in their knees, but the strike team were a different class.

"Feather fall!"

A pulse of Qi caught the military hunters as they dropped, slowing them a metre above the concrete. Boots hit the ground and the hunters plunged into combat. Accelerated figures blurred as they engaged, blades and hammers whirled, augmented missile fire strafed the ogre horde.

"Grease!" shouted a hunter mage.

Viscous slime sprayed across several ogres, who stumbled and slipped. Several hunters rushed forward. As they reached the fallen beasts, another word cancelled the slowing magic and the grease congealed instantly. Before the ogres could scramble to their feet, hunters were among them; the monsters bellowed and died.

"What the fuck! This is my spot!"

The hunters looked up at Tae-Kyung, stunned, their blades deep in the chests of the fallen.

He stood with spear resting on one shoulder. "Let's keep this professional, please."

[You motherfuckers are kill stealing!]

Several minutes later, with the battlefield under control, Team Leader Jeong, the Captain of the Hunter Team, returned to the command centre overlooking the intersection. Captain Yoo of the Aerial Support Division had relieved Hwang Chul-Soo of control. Soldiers and hunters differed in status, but all were registered as part of the government military and all answered to the official hierarchy.

The Captain was an interesting man, unorthodox, a thinker. He glanced over. "Status?"

"Under control."

The entire area had been devastated. In some places, the road was cracked and flimsy structures shredded almost beyond recognition. Cars had been overturned or smashed into wreckage. Dark blood dripped in clumps from nearby windows and ran in rivulets through broken concrete. And yet, there was less damage than expected.

"Casualties?"

"Four dead, five serious injuries. I'll get an update from the medics shortly."

"Four dead, five injured. This is the second gate today."

"I know, right. There was that F-class Gate on the Yangju side about an hour ago. I don't know what's going on."

Yoo clicked his tongue. "An F-Class gate in town or a B-Class gate in the middle of rush hour traffic. Which seems more serious to you?"

"That's..."

"It shouldn't be the F-class. Ten people died at the Yangju gate and more than twenty were hospitalised. Control how this gets reported, Jeong. You've been with us a few years; you should have a sense of it's done." The Captain sighed. "Honestly, it's not enough for us to bow a hundred times. A civilian hero prevented disaster here today and he did it alone."

"Well, it's a little bit different from usual. The man killed more than ten ogres by himself, so he has to be an A-class hunter and that means..."

"Hmm. Mind what you say. People are listening."

As the soldiers turned, they saw a skinny, middle-aged man hurrying towards them, clutching an expensive camera. "Hey, Captain Yoo! Team leader Jeong! Where have you been hiding?"

Jeong smiled warmly. "We've been hiding from you, Reporter Kim!"

"Ahaha, harsh! I'm part of the support team, too, y'know?"

"Undoubtedly, but are you here as a team member or because you're looking for a scoop? I mean, you're normally drunk around this time, right?"

As the reporter chuckled, Captain Yoo spoke, "Be careful with this one, Kim. Remember that this is an accident site first and foremost."

"I'll be careful." The reporter's eyes shone with anticipation.

In many ways, the gates were worse than natural disasters. At least if a typhoon was forecast to hit the Korean Peninsula, meteorologists would be able to predict its likely path and the areas at most risk of damage. But no one knew where the next gate would open. For two gates to open in one day was unprecedented and people would ask whether that could become the new norm. Public interest would be sky-high.

And this story? A catastrophe prevented by a brave tollgate security team and a hunter on his morning commute! It practically wrote itself!

Beaming, Reporter Kim asked, "So where is our hero? What's his name? People are going to go wild for a fresh, new A-rank!"

Jeong pointed with his chin. "There. Can't miss him."

"Where?" Only military personnel could be seen, sweeping through the accident site and securing the gate. Try as he might, Kim couldn't spot flashy armour anywhere. "Wait... Do you mean him? That guy in front of the ogre?"

"The one in sweatpants. Yep."

"...What the hell?"

The young man was squatting over a corpse, separating fat, flesh and leather with skilful movements of his knife.

"He's been doing that since the last ogre went down," said Jeong. "Our staff have been trying, too, but they just can't touch him. He's taking everything."

His skills were amazing. It was only then that Kim noticed that the slaughter team were hovering nearby, trying to imitate his hand movements.

"I guess I should let him finish?"

Jeong grunted. "I would. Won't take long."

True to his words, the A-rank hunter stood and stretched his back. He wore gym clothes and three-striped sandals, but all around him, ogre meat had been beautifully sliced and stacked, like mackerel.

Reporter Kim mumbled to himself. "Why would someone on a high salary bother doing that? What's going on?"

While it seemed absurd, it was also fresh and exciting. The most important thing in the media was character; what could be better than a humble A-rank with a sense of justice? It didn't hurt that the young man was handsome and had something cool about him, too. Much better than the smug, polished schoolboys that were popularised by most guilds.

[He suits a natural, authentic approach.] Kim brought up his camera, calibrating it for minimal settings.

Tae-Kyung was wiping his hands and humming to himself as he looked happily at the neatly stacked by-products. As a symbol of power and virility, ogre-based products were popular with men and in short supply, because few could harvest B-ranked monsters. [Looks like I mostly managed to kill by hitting the low value spots. I did well, I did well!]

A mechanical click. Tae-Kyung turned his head. "Huh?"

A smiling, grey-haired man was staring at him through a camera. The shutter clicked rapidly.

"Uh, you're supposed to ask before you take a pic, dude," said Tae-Kyung. "Would you like it?"

"You may like it. The newspaper goes out tomorrow."

"Newspaper?"

"Oh! Ah, sorry, yes. Here."

Tae-Kyung took the business card. It was embossed with the official military logo. "Army reporter?"

"That's right. Do you know Subangsa? It's Capital Defence Command. I'm a member of Support Team 25." He gestured behind at the approaching soldiers. "My commanding officers."

The uniformed soldiers smiled and one raised his thumb. "Nice to meet you, sir. I'm Yoo Si Jin. Captain of Support Team 25."

It was a name that he would come to regret. "Uh... nice to meet you. Jin Tae-Kyung."

Fearing the end of his opportunity, Kim pushed into the conversation. "Jin Tae-Kyung. You're a hunter, right? Can you tell me anything about your affiliation? I know quite a few A-rank hunters, you see..."

[Ah.] Tae-Kyung answered kindly. "I'm not A-rank."

"Oh... but... you can't be S-rank, because... well, everyone would know!"

Seeing the expressions on their faces, Tae-Kyung couldn't help but laugh. It was fun. 'I live in two worlds and hide my strength in reality' - it could be the title of a light novel!

Kim was stuttering. "Then, B-rank."

"No. C-rank." As the three men flinched in disbelief, mouths open in shock, he continued, "I was on my way to work and the gate suddenly opened..."

"Ah, so does...?"

Tae-Kyung didn't hear the reporter's question; he had just remembered something. "Uh... what time is it?"

[Oh, shit. I'm really late.]