"Join my guild, brother. I'll make you a star."

Tae-Kyung blinked. "A star?"

"That's right! The times have changed. What did all the kids want to be when you were little? An astronaut, maybe? A soccer pro or baseball player? Not these days. Now everyone wants to be a hunter."

Wealth and honour. A sportsman might earn more money, an idol might be more famous, but hunters were heroes. How many died in gate runs every year?

"You have everything they want, Tae-Kyung. You're cool, with good looks and a fresh, unique character." Myung-Hoon's was speaking quickly, earnestly, face flushed with excitement. "But how far can you go? The public can be fickle."

"Brother..."

"If you don't seize the moment, you won't become a megastar. Luckily, it's not too late. A few TV appearances, the right interviews and professional management..."

"Hold on, brother. Wait a second."

"Huh? What?"

Tae-Kyung searched for the words. It wasn't going to be popular, but better to be clear about where he stood. "I thought you weren't trying to recruit me?"

"Well... but Tae-Kyung, this is such a good opportunity."

"I'm really sorry. I have no intention of moving to your guild."

Stunned, Won Myung-Hoon nodded. "Yes... Yes, alright, I can respect that. Look, we can still arrange something. How about a contract with a talent agency? They're common these days. I'm the major shareholder of an agency. It's illegal to sign with two guilds, sure, but many top hunters are also listed with entertainment and management agencies.

"That's kind, but no thanks. I don't need an agency."

"What?"

"I'm happy with what I've got. This is enough for me."

"...Enough?" Myung-Hoon frowned. "Maybe you didn't understand me, brother?"

"That if I miss this chance, I won't be a star? Yeah, I got it. That's OK."

"OK, but think carefully. A few successful shows and a few big commercials, and you'll be rich. Really rich." Won Myung-Hoon spread his arms. From fingertip to fingertip he gleamed with luxury. It was impossible to guess how much this single outfit must have cost. Tae-Kyung remembered reading about his large-scale investments and real estate projects. Myung-Hoon was living Tae-Kyung's dream.

"Didn't you say you'd always wanted to own property?"

"I did, yeah."

With a wolfish grin, Myung-Hoon leaned forward again. "Then it's much faster to work for an agency than a guild. You won't have to fight monsters or struggle through whatever hellhole is on the other side of each gate. All you'll need is a few hours of work in an air-conditioned studio. Oh, with full makeup. That part's a bit annoying, haha."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah, you just need to spend a few hours chatting and laughing in front of the camera."

"In that case, a gate would be much better. I'll have more flexibility that way."

"...Huh?"

"Also, I swear a lot. Like fucking loads. That's not appropriate for media work. All it will do is cause trouble for my family."

"But, T-Tae-Kyung..."

"As for property investments? Well, I'm not in a rush. I earn good enough money, so I'll get there in the end without needing to do commercials."

"What do you mean? Your salary might be high, but you know how expensive the property is in Gangnam, don't you?"

"Gangnam?" Tae-Kyung blinked and laughed. "I hadn't even thought about Gangnam. I want a safe, comfortable life, with no stress, not to be the richest man in Korea."

"Then what about a neighbourhood mall? There's one by your new house. I'll help you get it. Then you can get a nice monthly income, plus if your mum wants to quit her job, I'll set up a snack bar for her?"

"A what?"

Words spilling out of his mouth in desperation, Myung-Hoon threw one suggestion after another.

"Myung-Hoon hyung. Are you OK?"

Trembling, the older man gasped. "Tae-Kyung! Can you really be satisfied with... this?"

"Brother. You saw my interviews, right? I was an F-rank until a few months ago. Now I earn dozens of times more and don't have to work hard. What's so wrong with that?" He had no debt and he'd bought back his family home. Fame? Stardom? Being the Sleeping Dragon of Shanxi had shown Tae-Kyung how tiring and unpleasant the spotlight could be. Would that make his family safer? Would he be any happier? "This is enough for me. I mean, Team Leader Choi already has offers for advertisements, so maybe we'll do a few, but mainly to help build the guild reputation."

His voice trailed off and both men fell silent, their coffee cooling between them on the table.

"Totally understand," whispered Myung-Hoon, at last. "Sure thing."

"Oh, I hope you're not offended because I refused?"

"No. Of course not."

It was then that his phone vibrated loudly. Even without checking, Tae-Kyung knew it would be Choi. Glancing at the time, he saw that the promised 30 minutes had already passed.

"Hyung, I should probably go."

"Sure, sure. You must be busy."

"Yeah! The association want to re-measure me today. But I've got your number, I'll give you a shout soon, OK?"

"Sure, sounds good. I had a great time today."

"Me, too, hyung! Hey, maybe we can do karaoke next time?"

"Oh sure, that sounds nice."

Tae-Kyung beamed with happiness at the thought of singing alongside his idol. [Maybe I should ask if Jin-Ho could come along, too?] "Then I'd better go, brother. Thanks again. See you soon!"

As Tae-Kyung darted outside to the waiting sedan, Won Myung-Hoon sighed and swirled the dregs at the bottom of his cup.

"Have you finished with that, sir?" asked a bright voice. "Can I get you anything else?"

Myung-Hoon stared into the bitter liquid at the bottom of his cup for a moment, before looking up at the server. "You don't know who I am, do you?"

"...Sir?"

"My name is Won Myung-Hoon."

The girl gave a pretty smile. "I know, sir. You've written some really famous songs. In fact, when I searched your name just now, I remembered that my mom used to have your show on all the time when I was a kid..."

"You had to search?" Myung-Hoon sneered and looked back down into his cup.

After a short pause, he heard her walking away to another table. It was only then that he noticed a faint melody drifting through the cafe, barely discernible under the hum of conversation. It was one of his songs from ten years ago, playing on a classics station. He'd become a relic of the past.

"Fuck karaoke." Won Myung-Hoon left the cafe, muttering to himself, mind fixated on one person. A lucky F-rank hunter who had gone from grinding sewer-class gates to public adulation in only a few months. As he walked along the street, passers-by glanced at his sunglasses and luxurious, designer clothes, and whispered about who the handsome man might be. But no one recognised him.

***

"Congratulations, Jin Tae-Kyung!"

Stout and greying, the President of the Bucheon Hunter Association smiled broadly and presented the card with a ceremonial flourish.

Although it resembled a credit card, no one would mistake this symbol. Platinum flashed as it caught the light. This was something most hunters only ever held in their dreams, a key to a new world, one of high status, respect and great riches.

Camera flashes lit the stage as Tae-Kyung received the card, smiling awkwardly. His cheeks burned with embarrassment, but it was still a pretty good feeling. In fact, it was fantastic!

[I'm an A-rank.]

The Hunter Association President waved and smiled at the cameras. "Welcome to the A-rank, Mr. Jin! What would you like to say to the audience at home?"

As Tae-Kyung considered the best way to respond, he heard a familiar sound and system notifications appeared before him.

Ding!
-You have successfully gained the achievement [A-Rank Hunter]! -For completing this achievement, you have earned the following rewards. -Level up! -Your reputation has increased! -You also earned 20 bonus points!

"Fuck!"

The room went silent. The President opened and closed his mouth in shock, and the director and camera teams stared agog.

"Ah," said Tae-Kyung, looking around at the cameras.

The Hunter Association President began to splutter, an ugly purple colour spreading across his face. He could see reporters exchanging glances, as though they doubted their own ears. Across the stage, Choi lowered his head into his hands.

[I'm screwed!]

This was going to be a major broadcast incident. Throat burning, Tae-Kyung whispered to the President from the corner of his mouth. "Can we edit this out? Or do another take?"

While his voice was low and controlled, the President looked like he might explode. "Edit? This is a live broadcast! Plus, it's being streamed on iTube!"

"Huh?" Tae-Kyung blinked.

"Can't you see the monitor there? The big one in the middle. Over 50,000 people are watching. Right. Now."

The entire room was full to bursting with people and machines, cables and monitors, and so many lights. Lights everywhere. Honestly, Tae-Kyung had tried not to think about it all. But now, he could see images of the stage repeated on screens around the room.

On the iTube monitor, the chat window was exploding.

"What should I do?"

The President's eyes seemed to ignite. "What should you do? What should you do! Apologise immediately!"

"But the reaction is good?"

Every second, dozens of messages scrolled up the screen. Too fast to read. But with his heightened senses, Tae-Kyung could see them all.

-Hahahaha -LOL! Taekyung-ya's crazy! -Fucking love this guy! -Normally these bastards thank god or their families, thanking fuck is much better! -Loved him since I saw him kick ass in slippers -Hahah I'm wheezing I'm wheezing -Look at the President's face OMG I'm dying LOLOL -Tae-Kyung nobody cares, do what you want, so fucking funny -Haha best. stream. ever!

It was a mess, but Tae-Kyung knew one thing immediately.

The broadcast accident was a hit.