10am.

Im Hyuk-Jun, D-rank hunter of the Peace Guild, stood in front of the guild house.

"What's all this?"

It was his first day back at work after a fantastic family holiday. When he left, the guild house was little more than the ruin of a neighbourhood supermarket. But now, everything shone. He stood beneath a grand marble sign, decorated with elegant, sweeping calligraphy.

"It looks so good!"

-Why aren't you coming inside?

Startled, Hyuk-Jun looked around for the familiar voice. There were no cameras or intercoms that he could see.

"Choi?" he said. "Team leader Choi?"

-Yes, of course.

"Ah, amazing! How are you doing this?"

-It's quite simple. The system was hand-crafted by Verzeny, the ancient family of Italian artisans. It includes messaging, observation and alarm functions...

"Oh, oh, you don't need to give me so much detail, sir!"

-Hmm, very well. Then do come in. When you open the mahogany door, please note that the panels have been fabricated from flame-resistant salamander leather, with reinforced stitching. Enter the...

"I'm coming! I'm coming in now!"

-...Very well.

Unseen tumblers whirred and the door swung open. Stepping inside the guild house, Hyuk-Jun found three of his guildmates waiting in the luxuriously-appointed interior: Team Leader Choi Min-Woo, the real owner of the Peace Guild; Butler Kim Hwa-Jong, the Guild Master; and the Guild Healer, Yang Song-Song. As he entered the room, they greeted him warmly. "Hunter Im, welcome back!" "Good to see you! How was your holiday?" "Welcome back, so what do you think of the place?"

Hyuk-Jun bobbed his head, smiling broadly. "So good to see you all! It seems like a while, huh? Did everyone manage to get some rest?"

In response, their faces soured, the positivity draining out of the room.

After a brief silence, Song-i said, "Honestly, it was hard to relax because all of the insects."

"What? Like flies and stuff?"

"Yeah. Didn't you have any in your houes?"

Hyuk-Jun tilted his head. Now that she mentioned it, his wife had complained of insects several times during the holiday. "Come to think of it, yeah, I guess? There always seemed to be a couple around. When I got rid of them, more came in, so I just tried to ignore them. To be honest, I hardly noticed them after that. Maybe it was the heat, but they seemed so dozy. Just sat around most of the time."

Song-i shuddered and crossed her arms. "I don't know. There were so many in my place that I couldn't even take a shower. Every room was bugged."

"Ah haha, I see what you did there. Good one!"

As Im Hyuk-Jun chuckled to himself, the other three exchanged looks.

-Do you think Hunter Im doesn't know? -I guess he didn't realise? -How could he not notice? Is that even possible?

Unlike his guildmates, locked in an unceasing struggle with the familiars sent by the Sangdong Guild, Hyuk-Jun had spent his time off in blissful ignorance.

"Crazy perverts," muttered Song-i, her voice cold and sharp. "If I ever catch them, I'll tear their balls off."

His smile fading, Hyuk-Jun said, "Huh? Is it still that bad? Should we look into getting you an exterminator?"

"Ah! No need, thank you. These two fixed everything. Butler Kim worked especially hard."

"What? Kim hyung really is a jack of all trades."

Butler Kim gave an awkward laugh. "Oho, no, I just have juniors who know how to deal with pests."

In a sense, this was not wrong. One of the most influential guilds in Bucheon, Sangdog Guild was founded by Im Chun-Soo, a war hero from the time of the Cataclysm. A conflict between their guilds may have escalated, were it not for the fact that Chun-Soo had once been a lowly trainee under Instructor Kim.

"Ah, it makes such a difference who you know," said Hyuk-Jun.

"It certainly does, oho!"

His eyes twinkling with mirth, Choi changed the subject. "Why isn't Jin Tae-Kyung here, yet? Rush hour has already ended."

Im Hyuk-Jun frowned and scratched his beard. "Oh, that is odd. That's never happened with Tae-Kyung before. He's always on time."

Choi nodded. The report he'd had compiled on Jin Tae-Kyung was comprehensive. According to years of records and witness testimonies, he had always been punctual and hard-working. Still, the raid was due to begin in two hours. [Has something happened...?]

As Choi was reaching for his phone, Song-i suddenly gasped and pointed with a graceful finger. "Taurus*, I mean Jin Tae-Kyung!" *[Note: in a scene omitted from the manhwa, Tae-Kyung attempts to woo Song-i and tells her facts from his dating profile, including his star sign.]

On the far wall, a familiar face filled the 80-inch TV screen.

"Huh!"

"Isn't that Tae-Kyung?"

"It is!"

Even the normally stoic Butler Kim stuttered as a banner appeared on the bottom of the screen.

-Jin Tae-Kyung, C-rank Hunter, the Tollgate Hero -Wonmi-gu District, Bucheon

“Tollgate hero? What does that mean? Why can't we hear anything!”

"Mute! It's on mute!"

There was a frantic scramble for the remote.

As the sound came on, Tae-Kyung was shouting over the sound of nearby rotor blades. -...would be like this. -Absolutely! Before we finish, is there anything you'd like to say to the folks at home? -Uh, yeah! Um, first, I-I love my family, thanks for everything! And thanks to everyone in the Peace Guild! You're the best, guys! And... I'm looking forward to getting some more sleep! -Haha, that's great, thanks again!

The reporter turned to the camera. -That's been an interview with the Tollgate Hero, Jin Tae-Kyung! Back to you in the studio!

As the picture shifted, Hyuk-Jun yelled, "What's going on! I hadn't heard anything about this!"

"Yeah, let me check!" Song-i grabbed her phone. "Tollgate hero, tollgate hero... Oh my god..."

"Song-i, what is it?"

A shocked looking Song-i held up her phone. The Portal main page was full of images of Jin Tae-Kyung. "He's the current number one real-time search term."

Mouths hanging open, the guild members reeled in surprise, as though they'd been doused in cold water. While they struggled to find a response to the news, a faint but familiar sound broke the silence.

Hyuk-Jun squinted and looked around. "Helicopter? Wasn't that what we heard in the interview...?"

All eyes turned to the TV screen, but the picture showed a handsome anchor talking in the studio.

Choi shouted, "Outside! It's not the TV!"

Sending their chairs tumbling, the four of them ran outside. Reporters were already converging on the building, more news vans skidding around the corner. A sleek helicopter was circling in the sky above and, in the distance, a harried-looking figure hurried towards them. Words were already being amplified through speaker magic.

-Wow, is that the place? -That's right. It's the Peace Guild. Looks so good after remodelling. -Are guild members available for interview? -No, you cut off the interview last time. -Hunter, that was because...

Choi took in the scene in an instant. Reaching into his jacket, he activated a messaging device.

"Jin Tae-Kyung. It's me. Can you hear me?"

-Huh? I can hear you so clearly. Is that Team Leader Choi?

"That's right. Come to us directly."

-I'm on my way... but how are you doing this?

"Oh, it's simple enough. I'm using a device specially commissioned from Verzeni, the famed family of Italian artisans..."

Im Hyuk-Jun spluttered. Now was not the time!

***

[I woke up and became a star!]

Tae-Kyung had never imagined that this would become his reality. It was all unfolding around him, in real time, yet it felt so surreal.

His phone sang the tone for his sister, Ha-Yeon.

-Hey, housemate, is there some elaborate prank I need to know about?

"What's with calling me housemate? Do you want a slap?"

-No, no, that's not right important right now. Did you see what's happening? My dumb brother is trending online!

Tae-Kyung didn't know what to say, but his phone had been ringing off the hook. He tried to stop Ha-Yeon in her tracks.

"Number one in real-time search. Yeah, that's me..."

-You? You're the Tollgate Hero? The one on the Seoul ringroad? That's my brother?

"Look, please don't call me that. It's so cringe."

-I can't believe it. Do you know they've got your pictures on all the stories? The engine keeps popping up suggestions with your face. So gross!

He hadn't expected this kind of response online. It had only been a few hours and dozens of articles had already been published.

-What the hell happened? The article says it was really serious. Are you... are you, like, OK? Not hurt?

"No, nothing. Not a scratch. Look, does mum know?"

-Not yet. But if she finds out you fought things like that, she'll faint, I know it.

Ha-Yeon wasn't the kind of person to exaggerate. Even people who didn't know much about ogres knew that they were an incredible threat. During the Cataclysm, the name had become synonymous with fear. His mother would not react well to the idea of her son fighting such monsters.

"Damn, you're right."

-Get home quick. Tell her yourself before anyone else can. That's always the best way.

"Yeah, you're right. I'll call in straight after the interview."

-Interview? Are you doing an interview? With who, a women's magazine?

"Uh, I'm waiting to go on KPS 9 o'clock news."

-...Oh my god.

A young assistant, microphone in her ear and clipboard in hand, beckoned Tae-Kyung urgently.

"Uh, it's live, Ha-Yeon, so I gotta go. See you at home."

-What? Uh, yes...

Hanging up, Tae-Kyung started walking towards the studio floor. People were rushing, talking fast; broadcasting equipment was all around, the lights were blinding.

His mouth was dry; his legs trembled. [I'd rather fight a hundred ogres.]

He could hear the presenter begin to transition. The assistant touched her ear.

"Standby... cue! OK, go..."