Every day was like a wonderful dream. Sometimes he'd even pinch his cheeks to see if he woke up.

[Mu-Jin-ah, have you finally found happiness?]

It had all been worth it. Just ten years ago, Hyuk Mu-Jin had been a boy who idolised the fierce murim passing his family store. But he didn't even need to go back that far. Even two years ago, he'd felt like his life was in the gutter. His work hours were long and tedious, and he'd stopped making any progress in his martial arts. Most of his job involved dealing with drunkards and rich snobs who partied all the time, looking down on hard-working men like himself. Only Buddha would have been able to stay positive.

[But I endured it all... until he pushed me over the edge.]

The day that he drove his fist into the chin of the Third Young Master, Hyuk Mu-Jin's life also changed.

Countless battles, crises and near death experiences. The Third Young Master, no, the Captain, was like a magnet attracting all the dangers in the world. The time spent in his company had passed in a blur, as Mu-Jin struggled to survive and overcome threats from all sides. Yet, once he had a chance to reflect on himself, he realised that he'd grown strong. The world was sick and he had become the cure, treating sick bastards one punch at a time!

But he was beaten a lot, too. No matter how close their relationship became, Mu-Jin would often find himself wishing: 'Please don't let the Captain hit me again. Please take him away!'

Had his wish really come true? One day, without warning, Jin Tae-Kyung was gone. Watching him leave with the Fire King, Hyuk Mu-Jin had felt sad... but he had also felt free. Finally, the best days of his life had arrived:

'Are you Hyuk Mu-Jin?'

'How could the Great Master not remem...?'

'Draw your sword. Let's see your skills.'

That day, he was taken under the wing of a famed warrior, the Sword Demon Wi-Peng.

'Did you say Jin Dragon Troop?'

'Yes. It will be the elite of the Jin Family and I've been entrusted to be its Grand Master.'

'My most sincere congratulations, lord!'

'Hmm. Pack your things.'

'Pardon me?'

'You will be a team leader. Since this is the order of our lord, I will not tolerate a single mistake.'

'Wow! I will dedicate my eternal loyalty to the Jin Family of Taiyuan! For the honour of the family name!'

Soon after, Hyuk Mu-Jin became the second-in-command of the Jin Dragon Troop, said to be the best of the Jin Family military. In just two years, the young man who had dreamed of becoming the guardian of the water gate instead became one of the most powerful men in the family, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the most influential people of Shanxi Province. His life had become more than he ever could have dreamed.

Until...

"Aren't you Hyuk Mu-Jin?"

Shaggy hair and a wild, tangled beard. A beggar that was built like a brick shithouse. The all-too familiar voice flowing out of his mouth made Mu-Jin's hands and feet go numb. Why hadn't he recognised him right away? Where had he gone wrong? What madness had made him accompany Jin Wi-Kyung on this trip? Why had he given in to his father's request to inspect the Henan branch of their retail empire? He didn't know. There was only thing he could be sure of now:

[It's over.]

As a sudden torrent of cold sweat soaked his back, he heard words that turned his trip to Henan into a trip to hell.

"I'll give you three seconds, you bastard. Get your head on the ground."

Unlike his mind, which shouted its refusal, his body responded immediately. Hyuk Mu-Jin, a rising star in the Jin Family of Taiyuan and commander of the elite Jin Dragon Troop, hammered his head into the ground and shouted, "Forgive meeeee!"

***

A tall, white stone wall grew closer. All that could be seen of the Jin Family manor on the other side was a series of roofs, decorated with fine tiles and ornate double eaves.

"Is this the right place?"

"Yes, captain," mumbled Hyuk Mu-Jin. His fancy uniform was tattered; one eye was swollen and bruised. To borrow what he had said in front of the crowd in his family store, this was the price for his recklessness.

"Oh, you choose a nice place to stay. Does that mean we're doing well these days?"

Tae-Kyung was not the only one to have changed in the year. The status of Hyuk Mu-Jin and the Jin Family as a whole had risen considerably, as was evident from the ability to rent an entire manor when the most famous tournament in the mainland was about to begin.

"Lead on, man."

"Ow! That hurts!"

"I'm hitting you; I want it to hurt!" said Tae-Kyung, giving his henchman another kick.

Two Jin Family warriors were standing guard at the manor gate. Seeing their leader mistreated, they shouted angrily, "Hey! Commander!"

Hyuk Mu-Jin averted his gaze and coughed. "Ahem, do you have anything to report?" Another shove rattled the teeth in his head. "Yes, sir!" he cried. "I'm moving!"

Apparently, he held a high rank in a new unit called the Jin Dragon Troop. Mu-Jin seemed to popular among his men, for the Jin guards darkened in fury. "How dare you treat our sub-commander this way!" Swords sprang from their scabbards and pointed at the miscreant threatening their leader.

"Put down your swords," said Tae-Kyung, laughing. "I have a relationship with Taiyuan and the Jin Family."

"Commander, are you OK?" cried the guards. "What nonsense is this beggar spouting?"

Hyuk Mu-Jin shook his head, mournfully. "He's not a beggar. He's the Third Young Master."

"Pardon, sir?" "No matter how you look at it, he's a beggar..."

[I'll put up with that once, but not again.]

Noticing the change in Tae-Kyung's expression, Mu-Jin pointed at the offending guard. "Ho-Cheol, lad."

"Yes, commander!" said one of the guards, quickly.

Hyuk Mu-Jin sighed. "Put your head to the ground."

This was what a right-hand man had to do. Mu-Jin fell in behind Tae-Kyung as they entered the manor, leaving Ho-Cheol having a conversation with the earth.

Inside the gates, they bumped into a person walking across the grand courtyard. Seeing them, his eyes immediately lit up. A year was not long enough for this man to forget Tae-Kyung. Nor would ten years or a hundred, no matter how messy his appearance. Blood could always recognise blood.

"I was wondering who it was." The giant man looked as hard as a stone statue, but as his eyes settled on the newcomers, his face lit up. Beaming, Jin Wi-Kyung strode towards them to deliver a crushing hug. "You're out? How are you feeling? How did it go? Did you get plenty to eat?"

It was his motherfucking brother.

***

"Actually, I recognised him right away," said Hyuk Mu-Jin.

"Are you freaking kidding me?"

"Really. I can't believe you didn't recognise my youngest brother."

"Do I look like an idiot?"

[How dare he say that after challenging me in public!]

Seeing his brother's reaction, Jin Wi-Kyung said, "Look, Vice-Leader Hyuk, didn't I send you a secret message earlier? You know, to explain that we'd play a joke on my brother by pretending not to recognise him. Keep up!"

"Oh, that's what you meant!"

"It was a good one, right?"

Mu-Jin furrowed his forehead. "Ouch! Lord Jin, careful with your feet! You kicked me!"

"Quiet, Vice-Leader Hyuk!"

"Ouch!"

It was obvious what was happening under the table, even without looking. As he watched, Tae-Kyung burst into laughter.

[They haven't changed!]

Jin Wi-Kyung and Hyuk Mu-Jin had been through a lot in the last year. They'd gained status and settled into themselves a bit more, but fundamentally they were still the same men he'd known before. That was good enough for him.

[But what about everyone else?]

As he poured tea, Wi-Kyung answered the unspoken question, explaining that Lee Seo-Wol was still struggling to regain the momentum of the Mount Heng Sword Sect. Meanwhile, Wol-Hwa was building an entertainment city in a relatively desolate region of the north, and...

"Cheong Pung is missing?"

"Yes. Not long after you left, he set off with the Plum Blossom Trio. But he ran away before they reached Mount Hua."

So, it wasn't a disappearance; it was an escape. Jin Wi-Kyung spoke, then, of the uproar following Cheong Pung's disappearance. An elder from the Mount Hua Sect had arrived in Shanxi and asked to be notified of any news about their missing disciple. "It's only natural," said Wi-Kyung. "You can understand their concern. The grandmaster and their most talented student have both disappeared!"

[Honestly, I'm starting to wonder whether Cheong Pung and the Sword Saint are related, after all...] Tae-Kyung gave a wry smile and said, "Mount Hua run a tight ship."

"You mock, but they're still on a completely different level to our house."

"Why? We're consolidating power across Shanxi, right?"

Jin Wi-Kyung shook his head. "Well, yes, but the Mount Hua Sect have many high-ranked experts and wield considerable influence in government; we don't even have our Family Head. That's why it's not only right, but prudent, to help them out and establish good relations for the future."

"Ah." Tae-Kyung had been aware that the whereabouts of the Main Family Head were unknown, but it had never seemed very important, so he'd put it from his mind. The man was his father in Murim, but Tae-Kyung had never even seen his face. He had no desire to meet him, let alone feel a bond of blood. "Speaking of family, where is our second brother?"

"In closed training."

"What? Still?"

When his brother nodded, Tae-Kyung was stunned. In martial arts novels, every Tom, Dick and Harry spent decades training in isolation to unlock incredible powers. But in reality it was close to an impossible feat. Even a year of closed training required tremendous mental fortitude. And yet, Jin Mu-Kyung had entered isolation straight after his battle with Cheong Pung. That meant he'd spent a year and a half in the dark training cave, without a single day off, sustaining himself on just water and grain pills.

"Maybe he lost track of the date because the New Year Celebrations were extended? Did he even know about the Convocation of the Stars?"

The elder brother steepled his fingers. "Before we left, I invited Mu-Kyung to come with me. He would only say, 'I won't leave until I have achieved greatness (大成)'. He wanted me to tell you that."

[It's so commendable.] For Jin Mu-Kyung, one of the best martial arts of his age, the glory of the Convocation was a fruit that could be plucked simply by reaching out his hand. It would have been trivial for him to reap the glory. But his brother had let others scramble for the sweet fruit, instead turning his back on them to plant a seed of his own. One day, when he had finished his training, that seed would have become a mighty tree and would provide fruit in abundance. [Actually, he's a great man. That's how a real warrior should be.]

Tae-Kyung didn't know the end of the road that Mu-Kyung was walking, but the direction seemed more correct than any other. Without the backing of a Great House or Sect, his brother was finding his own path. That was worthy of the deepest respect.

"So that's how it is," said Tae-Kyung, with a sigh.

"You're disappointed?"

"Sure, a bit. I was actually looking forward to the three of us getting together."

"Even if it's just us two, there are still outstanding masters here from all over the world. Aren't there other Dragons and Phoenixes?

"Well..."

Smiling at the lukewarm answer, Wi-Kyung said, "Let me cheer you up, brother. I've brought you a gift."

At a gesture from the Lesser Family Head, Hyuk Mu-Jin stood and left the room. Moments later, he returned, holding a long object, wrapped in a thick cloth.

"Do you know what it is?"

He knew. From the moment he laid eyes on it, his heart thumped and his fingertips trembled. It was almost instinct. Not as Jin Tae-Kyung, but as a spearman. "It's..."

"Fifteen weeks ago," said Hyuk Mu-Jin, unwrapping the object with reverence, "Jang Tae-Bo gave it to me and said it was for you."

Tae-Kyung thought he heard his brother saying, "I think I finally understand how Gan Jiang and Mo Ye felt." (干將 and 莫邪 -- Chinese: Historical / mythological swordsmiths, but there was an error in the raws)

But all he could see was light. And, as he reached out, the spear began to sing.