The moment they spotted the terrible silhouette of the wyvern, Tae-Kyung could only think one thing.

[It's small.]

From maw to long, bladed tail, it must have been 20 metres or more. But he didn't feel any threat from the beast.

[Because I'm stronger? No, because the Sangdong horror had been on a different level entirely.]

The Sangdong Wyvern was black as night; the scales of the wyvern above shone like opalescent emerald.

"Green Wyvern!" Myung-Hoon shouted. "It's relatively weak. Keep calm!"

One of the Star Guild, a towering young man, drove his tower shield into the earth. "Form up on me!"

Like a well-oiled machine, hunters scrambled into formation around the A-rank tank. As the shield wall formed, the first team leader called out instructions.

"Tae-Kyung, get into cover!"

Snapping back to reality, Tae-Kyung dashed beneath the shield wall.

Thump, thump, thump! Tower shields interlaced to form a mobile shield curving up over the squad, as mages shouted incantations.

"Haste!"

"Iron Hand!"

"Rejuvenate!"

Ding!
-Your attributes have been temporarily increased. -[Agility] has increased by 10. -[Strength] has increased by 10. -Status [Fatigue] has been removed.

The impact of the three spells was immediate. It was no wonder mages and healers were so prized. Their power was a cheat code!

[Are they only B-rank?]

However, the Green Wyvern was also a mighty adversary. The A-class beast swooped with a piercing cry and vomited a bilious stream of caustic slime.

"Poison!"

"Take cover!"

Some hunters ducked behind the shield wall, other dived behind rocks or the warped trunks of alien trees.

Tae-Kyung slid behind a giant boulder. He was just in time. Green acid fell like rain over them, hissing and burning wherever it touched. He heard the corrosive liquid melting stone; the air filled with an indescribable stench.

Tiger cubs are still tigers. Even though it was a weak wyvern, it was still a top tier monster. Mid-rank hunters would have been killed instantly by the poisonous spray.

"Team Leader! Casualty report!"

"None, sir!"

It was an elite group. Even Im Hyuk-Jun, the lowest rank, was a veteran of 20 years. And his relative weakness had been covered by the top quality gear provided by Choi.

"Good work!" laughed Myung-Hoon.

High above, the wyvern tucked its wings into a dive, but less like a stooping hawk and more like an airplane crash.

Hyuk-Jun screamed in horror as death dropped towards them.

In contrast, the Star Guild seemed calm.

"Tae-Kyung," said Myung-Hoon. "Want to see something cool?"

"Now?"

In the moments before impact, there were still orders that could be given.

"Sure. I may still be able to teach you something!"

Myung-Hoon flipped his spear and caught it in a throwing position. His muscles bulged and veins swelled; enormous energy flowed through him and into the spear. Light radiated from the blade.

Sword Qi or Spear Resonance. In the modern era, this powerful technique was known as aura.

Perhaps sensing the power, the wyvern adjusted its dive. Caustic slime trailed from its jaws.

Myung-Hoon tensed. The ground beneath his feet trembled and cracked, as though compressed by a great force.

The wyvern was almost upon them, with baleful green eyes as large as basketballs, thick bulletproof scales, and scimitar-like claws opened wide.

Shining light flew from Myung-Hoon's grip and struck like a thunderbolt. Scales split and flesh burst. Bright red blood and foul poison fell like rain.

The monstrous beast crashed to the ground, writhing, screaming. Rocks were shattered by its convulsions and trees were broken like twigs. Its great bladed tail thrashed and tore the earth like a divine weapon. And then, moments later, its back arched and the ferocious light left its eyes.

Saluting its death, system notifications rang out.

Ding!
-A [Level 97 Green Wyvern] has been slain. -You haven't contributed, so no experience is given.

Of course. It was a solo kill.

As the notification windows closed, he could see Myung-Hoon retrieving his spear from the beast.

"That's why he's Guild Leader!" "Fantastic! So cool!" "Rankers are a different level, man!"

Smiling at the cheers and effusive praise from all sides, Myung-Hoon looked over at Tae-Kyung. "Did you see?"

"How could I miss it?"

"Is that the first time you've seen aura?"

"Ah, a-aura? Yes..? Yes."

"Haha, you must be surprised if you're stuttering!"

"Can you blame him?" Lee In-Ja, Star Guild main tank laughed. "The first time I saw aura I nearly shit myself. There's a reason that real A-ranks have aura."

"Stop, man. You're embarrassing me!"

Lee In-Ja lifted his hand, inviting support. "There's no need for false modesty, is there, Tae-Kyung?"

"Uh... Yeah, I mean no."

"You see? I'm not the only one who thinks it!"

Not knowing how to respond, Tae-Kyung licked his dry lips.

Fortunately, Myung-Hoon spoke before it got awkward. "OK, well done everyone. Good formation. It will get real from now on, so check your equipment. See a healer if you got hit by debris. Oh! And please don't forget to like and subscribe!"

"Yes, Guild Leader! Together to victory!" The Star Guild raiders laughed dutifully and returned his playful salute.

Grinning, Star Guild Team Leader Kim turned his head to the onlookers. "Seems like this bastard is trying to make up for the mistake with the contract, haha."

"Leave it," said Myung-Hoon. He glanced over at Tae-Kyung and added, "By the way, why did you look at me like that earlier?"

"Oh, I was just a bit surprised, that's all."

"Because of the wyvern? A-ha, well don't overthink it. You can't expect to do that as a fresh A-rank. Don't worry, though, you'll get there eventually."

Tae-Kyung managed a weak smile. "Thank you hyung." There were many other things that he wanted to say, but none of them seemed likely to improve guild relations, so he bit his tongue. Still, he could not help himself from looking at Won Myung-Hoon with a confused and disappointed heart.

[It wasn't the kill that surprised me.]

Won Myung-Hoon was tall and sophisticated, with good looks that belied his age. But Tae-Kyung had never admired him for his appearance or his hit songs. No, this man was an A-rank hunter, a ranker no less, and a master warrior who excelled at using a weapon that most eschewed. The idol that Tae-Kyung had held in his heart for so long wasn't media star Won Myung-Hoon, but hunter Won Myung-hoon.

He was the reason that Tae-Kyung had committed himself to learning the spear. It was his textbook on spearmanship that Tae-Kyung read and read and read again, until it was tattered and stapled together.

[I'm surprised because you're so weak!]

The reason that Tae-Kyung had stood mesmerised was the incredible opportunity to see Won Myung-hoon, literally his hunter idol, do battle with a legendary beast. He'd dreamed of witnessing this kind of clash. But it defied his expectations in exactly the wrong way.

The movement had been slow and needlessly flamboyant, full of wasteful movements calculated to impress ignorant bystanders. The man knew how to use aura, but his Qi flowed like a novice. Tae-Kyung had been so frustrated that he nearly had a stroke. Had Myung-Hoon always been this shit? Or had he regressed for some reason? Had he taken a traumatic head injury that robbed him of his original skill?

Tae-Kyung distilled all of his doubts, observations and analysis into a single, pure thought: [What. The. Fuck. Was. That?]

It was unfair. There was no reason for it, but he felt cheated. Like he'd made a reservation in a 7-star hotel restaurant, but the waiters had served him steamed pollack with bibim sauce.

Won Myung-hoon was leaning on his spear, relaxed, wearing a confident smile. "By the way, brother," he said. "Where's the necklace? I can't see it."

[Why is he talking about the necklace? Is it relevant here?]

Tae-Kyung was overwhelmed by a sudden sense of disappointment and foreboding, but he answered with a casual shrug, "It's in my pocket."

"Why?"

"No real reason, it just gets in the way a bit. I don't want it to catch on any branches or something. Why?"

"No reason. As long as you still have it, that's fine." A glance down seemed to satisfy Myung-Hoon that the necklace was bulging in his pocket. "Make sure that you never lose it, understood? It's really valuable."

"Sure hyung."

Tae-Kyung felt his mood improve a little. Of course, the necklace was with Mr. Rough Guy, the first friend he'd made as a hunter. That meant that Tae-Kyung's real body and his Murim body were the same, and Myung-Hoon had been deceived by the pet anaconda that had also startled the Fire King.

"I have very expensive tastes, haha!"

"I understand. Thanks again."

Won Myung-Hoon and Team Leader Kim left him, then. The wyvern was being systematically dismantled by the designated team butchers, while other hunters watched for dangers and prepared for the next phase of the journey.

Once they were out of sight of the Peace Guild, Myung-Hoon said, "Well, it really works."

"Sure does," replied Kim. "It was hard to find something that's effective and also can't be detected by magic."

"Yeah, you did well." Myung-Hoon frowned suddenly. "Still, it's more powerful than I expected. I didn't expect to see a wyvern before leaving the jungle."

"Sure, but it could be coincidence. Greens aren't that rare."

"Hmm. I suppose so. Gates are unpredictable places. That's why I fucking hate them." Muttering, Myung-Hoon looked around in disgust. Grotesque plants and evil-looking insects. He wanted to get back as soon as possible and have a bath. Maybe two. "Let's get on with things. Not a Green. We'll want something bigger and meaner."

"But will the survivors testify?"

A smile formed on Myung-Hoon's perfect lips. "What survivors?"